How Top 1% Closers Handle "It's Too Expensive" Without Lowering Price
https://youtu.be/0kYSdQ_9Zws

You're in a sales call with a prospect. It's going great. You go into your presentation, you go to drop the price, and you get the dreaded "It's too expensive" or "This costs too much for us." Now, what do you do? I'm going to tell you what most [music] reps do, and that's why 99% of them lose these deals when they get this. Number one, they start defending the price. Sound familiar? They start rattling off every feature and benefit to justify the value. How often does that work? Not very often. So, you don't want to keep doing that. Or, they do this. They get nervous, and

they start chopping the number down. They start offering a discount before the prospect has even asked for one. I'm going to show you immediately how to reframe this objection. Come over here to the whiteboard. So, right when the prospect says this, I I want to make sure that you understand why this happens. Typically, the reason why a prospect gives you any type of "It's too expensive" or "Your price is too high" or, you know, that type of objection, it's simply because you haven't learned yet how to get their guard down. Now, what I mean by getting their guard down? Every human being, every prospect that

you're going to talk to, wears what we call a mask, right? How they want to be viewed in society by people, especially by a salesperson, okay? So, right now, if I'm selling to the mask, I'm going to get a lot of vague, generalized, surface-level answers. It's all logical. There's no emotion. So, I want to make sure I learn how to get the prospect to literally take off their mask where I'm talking to the real human being underneath there, okay? Because I want to take them from price- or cost-based thinking to what's called results-based thinking where they're not focused on the price, they're focused on the

end result they want. Now, when I was in the trenches selling like you were, okay, in my 18-year career before I retired and started this company, 7th Level, I hardly ever got this objection because I learned how to get their guard down and build the gap from where they were to where they wanted to be where they just focused on the end result. But, if you get it, I want to show you how to reframe it. So, the first thing that you're going to do, this is called a comparative frame. NEPQ, if you're not a client, stands for neuro emotional persuasion question. This is a

comparative frame. I want to compare the price to the end result to get them back in result-based thinking. So, let me give you an example. Let's say if you're selling to a company and you're selling some type of ROI type of solution that helps them grow the business, consulting or market agency or something like that. And like, you know, it's just it's just too expensive right now. I'm immediately going to say, "Is it too expensive compared to your goal of $50 million a year?" And people will say, "Well, compared to my bank account." It does not work. Stop using it. You heard some I love

you. Probably heard some sales trainer on Instagram that probably has only sold for 6 months or a year that's doing okay that is now teaching stuff that they haven't really mastered yet. So, I'm going to repeat back the thing that they said they needed. Okay, the reason why they're in that conversation is let's say they were looking for better training or better SOPs or operations or better marketing. So, do you see how I'm doing that? You're going to repeat back the thing they said they wanted. So, let's say if you're selling some type of fitness or training where they want to lose weight. And let's

say this guy on here wants to lose 110 lb and he said he's on here with you because he's afraid that he might have a heart attack in his 50s and not be able to walk his daughter down the aisle. So, let's say if he's come back, he's like, "Hey, man, this is just too expensive." In a concerned tone, I'm not going to sound like I'm judging him cuz that's going to piss the person off. I'm going to say, "So, is it too expensive compared to you losing 110 lb so you can walk your daughter down the aisle?" You're going to stop and see what

they say there. And then there's going to be something else you're going to do after that. That's not going to 100% overcome that objection. It's the start of the frame. Uh so, is it too expensive compared to your goal of and you're going to repeat back the specific goal. Be as specific as possible. You want to see that in a concerned tone, a tone that shows empathy. Don't say, "I mean, is it too expensive compared to you getting to $50 million a year, man?" Like, that's going to piss somebody off, okay? So, you can't come across judgmental. It's all how you say it. Your tone

matters. Comparative frame. Let's go back to that example. I'm selling for a market agency. They say, "Hey, this $10,000 a month retainer is too expensive." Well, I mean, is it too expensive compared to you scaling to $50 million a year? Cuz in reality, like, which is more expensive? Then you're going to compare. Is it more expensive Is it more expensive for you to get the funding together? We bring in the right avatars. We help you advertise. We need to bring in the right leads, and your leads triple, and now we help you scale to $50 million a year. Or is it more expensive to keep

marketing like you are right now? Your costs keep going up, and you stay at $30 million a year. I mean, in reality, which is more expensive? See, that's going to be the second frame. If they say, "Yeah, you're right." Do not accept that that they believe It doesn't really matter if I'm right. Like, what do you feel is right? Or I'm going to say, "Well, why would I be right?" Okay, but it doesn't matter what I think is right. What do you feel is right? See, I got to go back there. Now, if that frame doesn't work, if they don't go right there and they're

like, "Ah, yeah, let's just do it." Not all people will. So, you got to learn how to keep going. And I'm going to repeat back what he said. You never make something up, okay? If he said, "I want you to be there for my daughter because I'm afraid I'm going to have a heart attack." You use that, okay? Does that make sense? So, if that doesn't land, I'm then going to go into what's called an intention frame, an NPQ intention frame. There are sometimes where if they give me a really negative answer, I'm not going to go here first. I'm going to go into other

places. But for this video, I'm going to share right here. I'm focusing on what their real intention is, the outcome or the result, not the cost, okay? Now, you're going to plug in whatever number, like, whatever your thing costs right here. Yeah, because I'm sure it's not like your real intention just to hold on to that, you know, 15,000 in your bank account, you know, and just hope and pray it stays there forever with especially with all that inflation. I'm sure their real intention is to never have to worry about money again in your life. So, what's going to put you in the best position

where you never have to worry about scaling your company and making more money? See how I get them back into there? So, I'm sure it's not your real intention just to keep this money forever. I'm sure your real intention is to what? Repeat back the result they want or the negative consequence they want to prevent. It's hard for them to say doing nothing. Now, they could still come back and say like, well, I know what you're talking about, blah, blah, blah, blah, but I just don't have the money. Now that I've got it kind of nailed down to it's not that it's expensive, but it's

just a money objection, then I'm going to go and help them overcome a money objection. It has nothing to do with too expensive. Does that make sense? Okay. Now, there's other frames that I might do here depending on the context, okay? Oh, Jeremy, what if they said this? Well, there's going to be 12 different ways this could go. Unfortunately, we don't have, you know, 7 hours to go through all that. So, all I'm doing there is I'm repeating back what their real intention is to get them back into results or outcome-based thinking, and then I'm asking them, "What's going to put you in the best

position where you can ABC?" Uh let's say give you another example of life insurance, okay? So, what's going to put you in the best position to make sure when you pass away that Cindy and the kids are financially protected the rest of their lives. Or negative consequence. What's going to put you in the best position to make sure when you pass away Cindy's not forced to go get a second job and now your kids are kind of on their own. See, I could go negative consequence, too. You see how that works? See how I'm doing that? I'm saying that in a concerned tone, a tone

that shows empathy, okay? All right, so we just went over how to actually respond to a prospect that says it's too expensive. Remember the frame that I showed you. Make sure you watch this video several times. And look, if you're the type of person who's committed to mastery, you want to get in the top 1%. You want to learn how to actually prevent objections. You want to learn everything. You wouldn't be here if you're like one of those wingers or dabblers or somebody who thinks they know everything who just wants to stay average. You're [music] different. So, if you're that type of person, go right

now 7thlevelu.com. This is a community that we created. We've already got thousands of people in here, where we train you five to seven times a week everything from disarming the prospect to getting the guard down, to closing the deal, to preventing objections. We even give you the first month on us. You don't even pay anything that first 30 days. Go and click subscribe and I'll see you at 7thlevelu.com.
