7 Tips To Become The Top 1% In Sales
https://youtu.be/2ITMRHuu9yE

Now, that freaking drove me to where I was like, I am never going to be broke or poor [music] ever again. During my 18-year sales career, I actually made a bit under 33 million in straight commissions. That's about $279 million worth of product I sold for companies that I worked for. Okay. Now, I'm going to show you seven core tips that you have to understand [music] if you want to make it into that top 1% or 01% bracket with what you [music] sell. Come over here to this by board. Tip number one. This is extremely important for you. You have to master, not dabble, but

master in nonverbal communication. All right? So, it's not the words you're actually saying, it's how you're saying those words. Because have you ever wondered why sales people maybe in your industry that sell the same thing to the same prospects to the same price point using the same scripts, why is there such a radical difference in how much they're actually selling? They're doing the same thing, selling the same thing. That's because of their tonality. It's how you're saying those words. It's how you're actually asking the questions. Your tonality, I always say, is how the prospect interprets your intention behind everything you say and ask. Your facial

expressions, believe it or not, okay, your facial expressions are the remote control to your tone. Okay? Watch watch your favorite Hollywood actress or actor. Like if we're talking like this the entire time, like a flat tone, and their facial expressions never moved, they would never trigger any of your emotions. Your facial expressions can quite literally transfer emotions from you to the prospect you're talking to. I can teach you how to do that. And then your body language, because your body language affects your tone. Okay? So, if I just sit here straight, it's really hard for my tone to shift up and down. But if I'm

moving around, I can actually pace out what I'm actually saying simply by moving my hands. Okay? Now, there's a lot more to that. These things master non-verbal communication. I can assure you, you do that, you're going to make a lot more sales. This is critical that you understand this, okay? It's not how long you've been in sales. A lot of sales people have this myth that of like, if I just stay in long enough, if I get enough reps in, eventually I'll figure it out. You can play the long game and fail over and over, but if you want to be in the top 1%,

you want to succeed right now. And that's all going to based on your skill level that you start mastering. We'll talk about that in a second. Our top rep here in seventh level is 19. And last year, he made a bit under $900,000 in straight commissions. He's 19. Okay. Kicking a lot of people's butts out there. Now, how did [clears throat] he do that? He'd only been in sales for about a year and a half, two years, but he really put in a lot of time and a lot of his own personal money, even money his parents gave to him to invest in his skill

sets, body language, tonality, the right questions, how to prevent objections, all those things. And because of that, he got up to this level. Has nothing to do with how long, has everything to do with how much skill you master. that determines how many sales you're actually going to make and what your income is actually going to be. This is a really critical one that a lot of sales people that just never understand. That's why they kind of stay average. Okay. All right. And I know that's not you. You're committed to mastery. Now, the third one, this is obviously really important is here. They learn from

the best. Let me repeat that. They learn from the best. Okay, here's what I always said. Your destiny will be determined by those who you learn from. So if you learn from people who are not that great at sales, your destiny is determined on them and their lack of skill level could be true. It'd be like Michael Jordan learning from somebody that wasn't really that good at basketball. It wouldn't make any sense. He wouldn't be Michael Jordan. Okay? So, you have to find the person or company or whatever to actually learn from that's already doing the thing that you want to do that's already crushing

it in sales. My second year in sales, I hired an acting coach. Pretty good acting coach. You can look him up. He actually is the acting coach for Leonardo DiCaprio. I don't know if I'm pronouncing his Sorry, Leo. I might not be pronouncing your name right, but this acting coach, I had to pay him $127,000. I can assure you, I didn't have that money as a 23-year-old at that point. I had to go beg, borrow, steal. Like, I had to loan against a house I had just bought. I had to put on like t like I don't even know how many credit cards. But I

went all in because I knew my destiny would be determined by learning from the best. And this guy right here, that acting coach, taught me advanced tonality, facial expressions, body language, everything. And my sales actually about 4xed the next year. I wasn't bad the first year, but they 4x the next year. and they kept multiplying every single year. So, you want to work and hire the best. That always pays off. I can assure you. Okay. Number four, you really have to find the chip on your shoulder. Have you ever watched like uh the documentary with Tom Brady? Remember how he was drafted last out of

Michigan, sixth round, all the teams didn't want him and that put that chip on his shoulder? He was so driven where he wanted to prove every single team wrong they didn't draft him. And that's why he spent all those extra hours every single day practicing, going through game film. That chip drove him to become the greatest quarterback ever at this time. Okay. So, what drives you? What's personally driving you? Okay. What personally drove me? I'll just tell you. I'll be very real with you. When I was an 11-year-old kid, my parents were middle class. My stepdad lost his job. He became disabled. Okay? We went

from a middle class family to complete like poverty. went on food stamps. My mom had to go back to work as like a waitress back to school. There was five of us boys. And I remember going to practice that next summer because I was pretty good at baseball at that point. And I had those Walmart shoes on. They're like called Voit. They were like cheap shoes. My friends all had the Nikes and the the Reebok and the Adidas shoes on. And I just remember feeling like so broke and poor. And I'm just like, I'm never going to be poor like that again. Now that sounds

kind of crazy, but that freaking drove me to where I was like, I am never going to be broke or poor ever again. Doesn't mean that you have to be broke as a kid. Maybe you were extremely wealthy and everybody thought you were spoonfed everything by your parents and that might drive you to show everybody that they're wrong, that you really can go out on your own and make money. So, it doesn't matter. There's always a chip that drives anybody. You just have to activate that chip. Ah, number five. This is a big one. Risk tolerance. Okay, top salespeople, they're always risk tolerant. Now, here's

what I mean by that. Okay, remember when I told you about my the acting coach I went and hired, I had to pay 127 grand. I was 23 years old. I want to be very rude with you. I was like really really nervous, okay? I'm like, "Oh my gosh, I don't have this money. I was brand new. I just barely got married. Had a kid on the way, okay? And I'm like, what am I going to do?" So, I actually went and talked to my bishop and I said, "Hey, I'm thinking about doing this thing. I could hire this coach. I think it could really

help me, you know, crush it in sales. I think I could do two, three, five times more income, blah blah blah blah blah." And he's like, "Well, do you believe that someone who has knowledge or skill that you do not possess can transfer that knowledge to you?" I'm like, "Well, yeah, I believe that, of course." He's like, "Well, why are you coming to me then? You already have the answer." And he said, "Jeremy, God feeds the birds, but he doesn't drop worms in their nest." God feeds the birds, but he doesn't drop worms. You got to do something. Like, he gives you opportunity. He puts

people in your path that are there to help you. But a lot of us do what? We get scared. We have fear and we know we should do something, right? Have you ever been to like an event and you saw like an idea or like maybe a training program you could buy that you knew if you did it was going to completely change your results, completely change your life forever, yet you still didn't do it. Well, that's a pattern, okay? And we can help you break those patterns if you want to get into the top 1%. So, my bishop helped me break my pattern that

was holding me back from where I really could be. And I always ask myself this question now with any decision. Which is more risky? Is it more risky for me to do nothing, keep selling the same way I always have, make the same amount of sales and the same income over and over again, or is it more risky for me to actually go all in, get the funding, hire somebody, train them, make more sales, and my income changes forever? I mean, in reality, which is more risky, right? So that's how I always frame like if I'm ever looking to decision which is more risky do

nothing problems stay the same or get funding problems get solved and I get what I want. Okay, so ask yourself which is more risky? Okay, this is an important one especially this one coming up. Make sure you listen and write this down. Okay, this is commitment to mastery. I want you to think about who your favorite person is. maybe a doctor you follow or maybe an influencer you follow or an athlete or a musician or an artist you follow. Were they committed to mastery? More than likely, yes. I would say there's four types of salespeople. And I know, listen, I'm not saying you're that type

of person. I'm going to show you those though. There's the wingers. Okay? Those salespeople wing everything, right? They just say different things to every different type of prospect and they just kind of hope and pray that something they're going to say is going to magically cause that prospect to want to buy and they don't know why somebody buys, why they don't buy. They just wing it every day. Okay, these salespeople, they always blame the leads. They blame the prospects. Oh, the prospects are broke. They've got too much fear. Well, yes, it's your job to help them overcome that fear. That's why you're in sales, right?

And like I said, they always hope and pray everything's going to work out. And where do those reps go? Most of these reps get fired. And I know that's not you for sure. Now, the second one, these I call the dabblers. They kind of dabble in sales, right? They buy a few books every year, 20, 30 bucks. They go to a couple free events or cheap events. They watch watch some basic, you know, free content on IG or YouTube and they think, hey, if I stay in long enough, if I stay in for years, eventually I'll figure it out. Now, these are the reps that

play unfortunately because they lack the skill level because they're dabbling. They have to play, they're forced to play the numbers game. These sales people are typically average. If they work really, really hard because they play the numbers game, they put in, you know, 10 plus 12 hours a day, maybe eventually they get good after years of losing deals, they could be. These are the dabblers. I love these people. These are the knowit allers. You know who they are, salespeople, right? The know-it-allers. They have a huge ego. They think they know everything there is to know about selling once they get up to like a 100

grand a year, 150, 250, 400, 500 grand a year. And the know-it-allers, they get capped because they stop acquiring skills. They think they know everything, okay? And they get stopped. They stop training. And when they stop training, income stops as well. I mean, think about it logically. Like Steph Curry, basketball, okay? Hall of Famer. What would happen if he stopped training every day? The know-it-alls, they always get capped. You never want to be a know-it-all. These people never get to where they could be if they kept training. These are the ones, these are committed to mastery. This is where everybody wants to be. These salespeople,

they invest funding. Even if they don't have it, they go find it from somewhere. It's important that they invest funding because they know the number one thing tied into what they're going to earn is their what their skill level. So they're investing funds and funding all the time to acquire more skill level. So they're always selling more. Okay. Number two, because they do that, they don't make the same mistakes that other sales people make. The most successful people in life do not learn from their mistakes. They learn from other people's mistakes so they don't make the same mistakes themselves. Okay? So less mistakes in sales

means you make more sales. All right? They always train daily. So they're training daily. They know they're getting better every single day. And these that are committed to mastery, they overcome the learning curve 100x faster. They're all about I don't want to fail. Why would I spend months or years trying to figure it out on my own and fail when I can just learn from the best and I can succeed right now? So, they're all about speed to succeed. And because of that, they get into the top 1% or actually the top 0.01%. When I was a salesperson, I learned this from the people I

was around in my first company I worked for. I never hung out with the wingers, the dabblers, cuz they're always jealous that you're out selling them. I definitely did not want to hang out with the know-it-allers. I wanted to be around the ones who were committed to mastery because we were always talking about sales, persuasion, influence. Oh, did you know this? Could you learn this? This course you should get this because it's going to teach you this. And I'd always get that information from them and we would trade that information and that helped us get into that. 01%. Okay. What's the saying? You are who

you associate yourself with. The top five people you typically hang out with is where your income's going to average. So, you want to get around these people who are at least going places. They're committed to mastering those skills. These are very important for you. And I saved a really good one for you for last. Now, if you want to learn things like this and if you want to learn skill level here, I typically release about two of these training videos a week. So, hit the subscribe button. Okay? My only suggestion is [music] subscribe to this channel. Make sure you hit the notifications so you actually

know when I'm going to release one. And don't share this channel with your competitors. I can assure you, you don't want them knowing what I teach you here on this channel. Okay? Congruency. People who are congruent, they follow a daily routine. Okay? They don't wake up on Monday at 7, you know, and Tuesday at at 5:30 a.m. and then Thursday at 10:30 and, you know, Friday at 1:00 in the afternoon and their schedule's all messed up. They just follow a daily routine. Okay. Ever since I was probably like 19 years old, I wake up at 5:30 in the morning. Okay. Sometimes I wake up at

5 now. I'm congruent. I'm scheduled. On the weekends, I might sleep in till 6:30, maybe 7 a.m. on Saturday, Sunday. Just depends on if I got anything done. During the work week, I'm up early going to the gym. I'm getting things done. I'm congruent, following a daily routine. Also, what congruency does is it builds self-confidence because you do what you say you're going to do. Okay? And if you say you're going to do something and then things change and you can't do it, you tell the person or company or whatever, hey, something came up and here's why I can't do this. You don't just like

go MIA. Okay? So, you got to be congruent. I will tell you, you start doing that. You're congruent doing what you say. It builds trust with everyone you're around. Okay, now I know you guys have a lot of questions about this. The easiest way to get a hold of me is simply by texting me on this number. I actually lock myself in this room right over here, this conference room with two sales trainers about an hour a day and we actually answer your questions. Hope that helped you today. Go and hit the subscribe button and we'll see you in the next training.
