PRIVATE TRAINING: Get The REAL Truth Out Of Prospects With THIS Line
https://youtu.be/2nMO-IhFxmQ

Raise your hand if you own a business, just so I can see who we have here. 1 2 3 4 Okay, half the room. Raise your hand if you are a salesperson, sales manager, VP of sales. Okay, some there. Okay, good. I love working with business owners, sales [music] executives, high-level ones, sales people that come to events like this because you guys know that there's always another level to get to, right? That's why you guys are here. I mean, you you invested dollars to be in this room for 2 days. So, first off, you guys have heard me say this, is selling something you do

to people or selling something you do for people? Why is it for people? Now, I want you to really think about that. Kind of like you hear me say it, but have you really thought about it, what that means? Okay. Yeah. Yeah, but that doesn't mean they're just going to show up and be like, "Hey, I've got monster problems that I really need solving and where do I pay?" We all know that, right? Okay. But, you're 100% accurate. You know, human beings, we all wear a mask. You guys heard me talk about this. We all wear a mask, right? So, your prospects, when they you

first start talking to them, they have like this mask on, right? Well, most sales people, most companies are stuck selling to the damn mask. So, when you ask questions, they give you vague, generalized, service-level answers. Why are they doing that? Because you're stuck selling to the mask of the person and how they want to be perceived by you. Are you guys with me? So, what I want to show you over the next couple of days, and Corey will show you with marketing, is how you get that person willingly to want to take off the mask where you're actually selling to the real human there, like

the person, not the masked person. You guys with me? Okay. And when I talk about selling something you're doing for people, because if we have this belief system that have been that has been ingrained in us as a society that selling is something bad, selling is something that you're manipulating them like to do something that you want them to do, how well will you ever be at selling or running your business? Like with with leads, not very good, right? Because that belief system like really holds us back. Because if we believe that when our sales people are going to close or anything, like what comes

up internally for them? We get nervous. We get a little bit of anxiety. And does that come out in our body language and our tone? And then the prospect across from you, they feel that. And that's when the mask comes back on. Okay? So we're going to talk about how do we keep that mask off now? Why is that important for you guys? And I want you to even take a look at yourself. Have you guys ever Have you ever talked to a sales person yourself? And you have like a massive problem, like whatever they were selling you, like you're like, "Man, this would really

help me. Like this would solve the problem. This is going to get me everything that I want." And you knew that if you bought it, it would like completely change your results, completely change your life. Yet you still didn't do it. Raise your hand if that's you. Okay. You You might have been in a been like this. Maybe somebody was training you something, okay? Or a really good idea and you're like, "I'm going to implement that." Or there was like a training program you could invest in to grow your business or your sales or your marketing or even your relationship to make it better. And

you knew that if you got that thing, it was going to completely change your life. Yet you still didn't do it. Raise your hand if that's you. That's all of us, right? Look, let's be honest. We take off the mask, okay? Now, the question is, why does that happen? So for all of us, that's called a pattern. I want you to write that down. That's called a behavioral pattern. That is a behavioral pattern. Okay? So if we have patterns that prevent us from doing something that we know we should do, we have to do, by default would that mean our prospects also have similar patterns?

Okay. So, this is what we're going to talk about. So, once we start to recognize that every person you talk to has these patterns and we learn how to recognize them, to label them, it helps us do what? Overcome them. Okay? Because if we don't recognize these patterns, we just kind of go through life like hoping and praying something that we're going to say is magically going to cause them to want to buy. I'd rather know what to say and do that's going to cause them to buy like 100% of the time, okay? Now, why do we have patterns that hold us back? Can anybody

tell me why we have patterns? Fear. Mhm. That's the biggest reason. What is that coming from? Subconscious brain is trying to make up, you know, patterns to keep us safe. 100%. You guys are smart. Go ahead. Trauma. Trauma, too. Yeah, patterns, okay. It's It's right. We all have this brain that's like millions of years old or whenever God put the first two minutes here on the earth. I don't know when that was. You guys can debate that. But, the brain wasn't designed, like you said, for us to thrive. The brain was simply designed to keep us safe, okay? To keep us comfortable. Okay? For us

to survive. So, anytime that your prospect has an opportunity to move forward, the mind, that's like a threat to the mind cuz it's something new. It's something unknown and it's not familiar. Remember, the brain was only designed to keep us safe and survive. So, when that happens, the brain kind of goes into like the sixth sense and starts to freeze up even though we know we need to do it, and then people shut down and the mask comes back on. Okay? So, I'm going to show you how to recognize some of these patterns by words that they say to you. Write this down. This is

called non-committal languaging. Non-committal languaging. I don't really teach that in our level seven stuff. And how they say those words, meaning their tone. And if you can see them, their body language. Cuz once you start to learn that, it's becomes really, really easy to know where to go in a conversation. I'm going to skip this. &gt;&gt; if it's not too painful, they don't want to change. This is what they're all about. Well, every prospect that shows up with you on Zoom, do you do they have problems? Do they want to change? Uh hopefully yes. Well, they wouldn't show up if they didn't have intent, right?

So, why don't all of them change at the end? There's some the mind. They're Yeah. We're going to get into that, okay? Why is this important for you to master? Because every objection you get, every prospect that procrastinates, you guys ever notice that happens? Okay, depending on what you sell. Every prospect that does not buy comes down to the core of what you said, they have a fear of change. Okay? So, whether your prospects want something better, or they're like moving away from pain, it's all about change. So, it's about how good you are at getting them to view in their mind that by them

changing their situation, which means what? Buying from you, like buying your solution, that them doing that is far less risky for them than them doing nothing, staying in the status quo, their problems stay the same, and nothing ever changes. In reality, which is more risky? Are you with me? Okay. Now, why is this so critical for you to master this? Cuz how many of you have had prospects say that one day I'm going to do it? It's It's better timing if we do it next month. And then you call next month, and what do they say? Oh, it's it's it's the summer's coming up. I'm

really busy with my family, like it's going to be better in the fall. I'll have more time to do You call them back in the fall, and then what do they say? Well, I've got family in town. Okay, now why does that happen? Because the mind feels safer by pushing things down the road. You guys with me on this? Okay? So, how do we get them to start to realize that that is a very dangerous path? The thing that took me from like just kind of an average sales person to within 3 years from that making multiple seven figures every year in commissions as a

salesperson rep, not as a business owner. It's also something that took this company from like nobody even knew this company in 2020. It was like me and my assistant when we started to now the largest B2C sales training company in the world based on annual revenues and the fourth largest in the B2B space on annual revenues in 6 years. Okay. Well, we're getting there. We're getting there. Blame outside [music] circumstances and they never commit, right? You all know somebody that never commits &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and we all know that people who don't commit are never successful in life. And that's why I'm glad that you're

here and that's why I'm glad that you watch me [music] and that's why I'm glad that you committed to mastery. So, click the link below. We'll throw something in here, a link to get the black book. Until next time, Jeremy Minor. Hope that helped. Now, what I'm going to share with you is something that unless you've been in a few rooms I've done this with, you've probably never heard any sales trainer or speaker ever say to you before. Now, why is that? Cuz 99.999% don't know it because they have zero background in human behavior or psychology or if they do by chance know it, they

don't want you to know it. They want to keep that to themselves. Okay? However, I know that you will never be able to get where you could be in your business as a salesperson, as a leader without this, okay? What I'm about to share with you took me 18 years. When I was like a salesperson or a sales leader, chief sales officer, anything before I even started this company, it took me 18 years to master it and I personally invested a bit under $900,000. You guys ready? Like yes. Are you sure? Yes. Okay, I'm just checking. Okay, so I went to school to become a

psychologist, all right? One of those one of those crazy people. And I specialize in neuropsychology, which is the study of how the brain works with your nervous system, okay? Anybody heard of like fight or flight? What causes somebody to go into fight or flight? Anybody know? &gt;&gt; Nervous system. Yep. Okay, yeah. You're exactly right. So, how do I calm that down? So, we are taught as a psychologist that every human being has belief systems, those are called frames. So, I want you to write down frame. I'm going to talk a little bit about frame, deframe, reframe. So, I'm going to explain what this is going

to mean over the two days. So, every human being has a belief system. Now, as a society, what would you say a belief system about sales people in general is? Terrible. Pushy. Terrible, pushy, what else? Scam. Liars. Scam, liars, what else? &gt;&gt; Manipulative. Manipulative. Okay, so not really like high status. But the question is why where does that come from? Because if nothing is ever sold, that means there's no such thing as a what? Economy. An economy. Right. So, it's kind of important to sell things. And if there's no such thing as an economy, by default, that would mean there's also no no such thing

as a what? A society. Things have always been sold or bartered. So, why are sales people not like elevated up here like a doctor? Why are they down here, okay? So, if I know that every prospect I talk to has that type of belief system for the most part, is that something that I really want them to have when I'm talking with them? Unlikely. Probably not very good, okay? It'd just be like if I was a psychologist and I had a patient that, you know, wanted to end their life or something crazy like that. That's their belief system, that's their frame. How do I take

them out of that belief system and reframe them into a new belief system on why it would be crazy to ever do something like that. So, the same is true in sales. This is just human behavior. So, that's their frame. Their frame could be I never make decisions on the spot. I always get six quotes. Carl, I, you know, always have to talk with my spouse. I cannot make any decision without my spouse. But the question is, did that prospect before you started talking to them today, did they plan all that out? Did they like, you know what, no matter what Natalia says today when

I get on the Zoom, no matter if it's the best marketing plan ever, no matter what, if I 100% know that it's guaranteed that I'm going to get results and I'm going to scale my company, I'm still going to tell her I want to think it over at the end. Or Mitch, before that before that guy knocks on my door today that I don't even know is coming to my door, no matter what he says, no matter the price, no matter if I if I know it's going to be the best thing ever, I'm still going to tell him at the end I have to

talk with my spouse. See, none of those are planned. So, there's something going on from the moment we say a a word to the moment we try to close that deal, whether you sell B2C or B2B, that is going on up here that's preventing them from moving forward. So, if I can narrow that down and deconstruct all that and rebuild it up, then selling becomes way easier, yes? So, how do I reframe them into that way of thinking, okay? And can that be done in a sales conversation? Yes, but I have to learn what? I have to learn how. Not only just how, but I

have to learn why. Cuz I can show you the how, I can give you the scripts and everything, but if you don't understand the deep reasoning behind it and why that is, it's like you're a telemarketer reading from a script, okay? Two most important people that influenced my way of thinking in sales was Sigmund Freud and probably stopped student Carl Jung. Do you guys Are you guys familiar with like Carl Jung? Okay. Yeah, Mitch, okay, with Robery. And I'll kind of paraphrase what Sigmund said, but basically he said, people do who they believe they are. Okay, so basically, we all make decisions based on the

identity of who we believe we are. So, if I believe that I always have to get uh, you know, I always have to like I don't want to I don't want to lose I I don't want to make a mistake, so I'm going to I need to ask my spouse in case it doesn't work out like so she won't blame me, I'm going to make those decisions when the salesperson tries to close me. Okay, that's just my belief system, okay? So, I got to get them out of that belief system because that belief system has kept them where? Same spot. In the same spot. &gt;&gt;

Insanity. Insanity. So, it doesn't really help them to keep them See, here's the thing. This is why I say selling is not something you're doing to them. Selling is something you're doing for them because if I can't help them reframe their belief systems and overcome their limiting beliefs that have held them hostage, I didn't I didn't offer them anything. I I actually kept them in the same place. So, that's my responsibility. So, how do I help them overcome that way of thinking, those belief systems, their identities that keep them stuck where they don't want to be? Okay? You guys with me on this, okay? Anybody

ever ever heard of Alcoholics Anonymous? It's actually really good organization. Uh, does anybody know what the actual success rate of Alcoholics Anonymous is? It's about 5 to 10%. Okay, and every every little bit helps, right? I'm not I'm not a critic of them by any means. The problem is is when you're sitting around at a group every day or whatever they do and you're constantly taught to say, "I'm an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic. I've been sober for 30 years. I've been sober 30 years. I'm an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic." What identity do you believe you are? An alcoholic. And what decisions do

you alcoholics typically make? Bad decisions. No. Is this starting to register what I'm talking about? If I people do who they believe they are. People make decisions based on the identity of who they believe they are. So, if I believe I'm an alcoholic, it's going to be hard for me not to make decisions that alcoholics make. You guys see the difference here? Okay. So, I want you to think about this from a sales aspect of all the beliefs that people have, okay? Marketing. Oh, I'll figure it out myself on YouTube University. Probably unlikely because they haven't figured it out yet. That So, they have that

same belief system at the end. What objection you're probably going to get? Do you see what I'm saying here? It's the same concept, all right? I believe most of you know what an EPQ is, but I'm going to give you just kind of a brief overview, all right? Neuro stands for the brain plus nervous system, okay? Emotional Yeah, take a picture. This emotional stands for the emotional connection, okay? Uh Tony Robbins says it best on the emotional connection. I like to take it a step further from sales aspect, but the way to influence at the highest level is to master the ability to emotionally connect

with that other human being. Get them take the mask off where they feel like you understand them. Their needs, their desires, their fears, and even their even their fears, and do that without judging them and without buying into their story. Now, what do I mean by buying into their story? Okay? How many of you guys have ever asked a really good question that you really needed to get an answer and the prospect just really didn't answer the question, kind of waffled? If I go to the next question without finding out what happened, I just bought into their story. That's called non-committal languaging. And if I

keep them in that non-committal languaging throughout the entire conversation, what's the likelihood they're going to commit at the end? Unlikely. Okay? So, I can't buy into their story of why they can't find the funding. I can't buy into their story about why now's not a good time. I can't buy into their story why you know, they're just it's you know, it we'll do it this time instead of next time. I I can't keep buying into their story because I know that that story's kept them where they're at. And I'm not willing to do that to them, okay? However, I can't come across like I'm judging

them. So, there's a fine line there that I want to show you the difference there. They have to feel like you care for the like you're concerned about the circ- like the consequences if they don't change this. I'm not concerned that you don't have the money. I'm concerned that you're not being resourceful to find the funding so you can get what you want. That's what I'm concerned about, okay? All right. Now,
