5 Vocal Tones That Make People Say Yes (Without Trying)
https://youtu.be/2ZYbyfEg97s

You're wasting time in sales [music] if you don't understand this. How you actually ask your questions or how you say the words is more important than the words or questions themselves. [music] Well, your mama even told you when you were younger, it's not what you say, but how you say it that [music] matters, right? Now, mama didn't understand she was talking about tonality, but that's what she was actually speaking to. And I want you to write this down. Say with me here. Your tone is how your prospect or the person you're talking to interpret your intention behind everything you say and you ask. I'm going

to show you why this matters. Now, come over here real quick. The first type of tonality that you have to master is the confused [music] tone. Now, a lot of you are like, "Jeremy, uh I don't want to sound confused." Now, I'm not talking about being confused like you're 107 and you've got dementia. Like, "Oh, I I don't know how this works." Okay? A confused tone is used in context. Like, you're not quite understanding something, so you want them to expand on it. So, let me give you an example of this. And I will tell you the fourth tone I show you is going to

shock you how important it is. And I know that you're going to be like, "I can't do that." But I'm going to show you why and I'm going to show you how to do it, okay? It's a game-changer for you. So, anytime a prospect gives you an emotional word and they're like, "Oh, yeah, this problem has really stressed me out." Or "I've been so frustrated with XYZ." A good way you can actually get them to open up to expand on that is you can actually put your hand on your chest and be like, "Confused?" Like, you just you just actually repeat back the word. So,

if they're like, "I'm really confused." Or "I'm really concerned." Like, "I have a lot of stress." I can lean in and say, "Stress? In what way?" Or stress? Now, you can overdo this. You don't want to sound like a weirdo. You want to make it sound natural. I'm like emphasizing this to show you on this YouTube video, okay? So, I can say stressed. Or hold on, how how do you mean by frustrated? When you act like you're confused about what they just said, it causes their brain to do this. He didn't understand what I meant by that. I need to expand on that. Because how

many times you ask good questions and you notice you get what? A lot of vague, generalized, surface level answers. And we all know where that leads, right? Nowhere, okay? So, I got to get them to open up. I can use a confused tone to do that. Let's say if I'm a real estate investor, okay? And I'm on there talking to a, you know, a person trying to get them to sell me their home for a lower value so I can then, you know, fix it up and then sell it, okay? So, I'm going to say, "Hold on, how do you mean they're not paying you

on time?" I sound like I'm I'm not sure I understand like what you mean by that, but I'm also concerned for you. I'm going to show you a little bit of that tonality as well, okay? Or I can lean in and say, "They don't pay on time?" See, like I'm confused. "Yeah, you know, just last week I told them that they needed to pay and they told me to f off or they told me that they weren't going to pay and like I don't know what to do now." So, I'm triggering an emotion to get them to change, okay? Emotion drives change, write that down.

I'm not going to just randomly say this kind of stuff, but I could find out, "Well, how long has that been going on?" And I take them back into that pain and then I might come in and say, "So, your tenants not really paying on time. What's that doing to you guys?" See how my tone sounds like I'm a little bit confused, but I'm also a little bit concerned for you, okay? You guys getting this, all right? Uh let's say if I sold anything door-to-door like solar, alarms, pest control. That's where I started. My first sales job was selling door-to-door alarms. I think I From

my understanding, I think I still hold most of the records in that industry or some of them. Somebody told me 25 years later, it's kind of crazy. So, I might knock on the door, okay? And as they come to the door, rather than sounding like everybody else like, "Hey, are you the homeowner here?" or "Hey, nice to meet you. How's your day going?" "What do you want?" And they slam the door in my face. I might lean in like I'm confused that are you guys the um the property owners here? Like I'm confused. Like I'm there's something going on. I'm concerned. They don't know what

it is. All that does is it triggers curiosity. They're like, "Yeah, but the property owners, what's going on?" And they start to lean back in. That's just an example of that, okay? With that confused tone, I can use this throughout the conversation. It's little things like this that hold their attention. Let's say that I'm in problem awareness like I'm helping them find problems they didn't realize they have, okay? Now, this is generic. So, I might lean in. Not going to be my first questions. This is going to be 8 10 minutes in. I might lean in and say, "So, you've been with them for the

last 5 years. Are you like 100% in love with the results you've been getting?" What does my tone sound like? It sounds a little bit like I'm confused. I'm not understanding and I'm a little bit concerned for you. Like I know something about what you have that might not be as good. We'll come back to a concerned tone here in a second, okay? Here's something that's a little bit industry-specific if you sold life insurance. So, I find out they have a 100K worth policy. So, you've already got this 100K worth policy. So, See, I sound what? Like I'm a little bit confused. I'm not understanding.

You already have this. What's caused you to feel like it might not Notice I'm neutral there. Might not be enough for you. I'm not going to assume too early in this conversation. I need to build trust. I need to build a gap. I need to take them through the pain, then I get far more assertive. The second type of tonality you really want to pay attention to is a curious tone, okay? Now, why do I want to use a curious tone and where in the conversation am I typically going to use that? Okay, I want to make sure you understand this. There's no straightjacket interpretation.

There might be instances where they say something randomly where I might shift my tone into like a confused tone like, "Oh, hold on. I'm not understanding." Uh that's not going to be in the script. I have to know why I would act confused in that scenario or why I would be curious about something. This might throw you off, but I'm going to show you this. There are subcategories of each of these tones, okay? So, a subcategory of a curious tone is this: a familiar tone. Because a familiar tone triggers what? Curiosity, okay? So, especially if you cold call, okay, or you maybe call outbound leads

that respond to like name, email, phone number, they know somebody's calling, but they don't really know when or where. It's not like a booked appointment. So, when that prospect answers, I want to sound what? Familiar. Let's say if I'm cold calling and they answer the phone and it's John, you know, John the head of HR or whatever. I'm going to say, "Hey John, it's it's Jeremy. Jeremy Minor. I'm holding a copy of your blank. I was wondering if you could possibly help me out for a moment." See how my tone sounded what in the beginning? John, it's it's Jeremy. Jeremy Jeremy Minor. I'm calling you

See how my tone sounds like I already know him. Now, if they feel like you're a stranger, of course they're going to be rude. That's why you'd never say, "Is this John?" You would just assume it is and say, "Hey John." Now, obviously, if you're calling for a guy and a woman answers, you're obviously not going to say, "Is this you know, you're not going to say John." You're going to say, "Hey, is John there?" Okay? So, let's make sure you guys understand that. Now, I'm going to show you a few different examples of this. I'm going to use a curious tone especially in the

beginning of the conversation. We call those NEPQ connection questions, okay? So, what am I doing in connection? I'm taking the focus off me, put it on the prospect. I'm also disarming them to get their guard down so they open up, and I want to take them from price or cost-based thinking to results-based thinking. We'll go over that in different training videos. Let's say this might be my second connection question depending on what I'm going to sell. Let's say this person responded to some ad. I could say, "When you saw the ad, what was it that you kind of read or or or watched that caused

you to feel like, 'Hey, maybe maybe I should look into this a bit further.'" Now, what did my tone sound like? Like I'm curious, okay? Now, one thing I would tell you to avoid because I hear this a lot from sales people is you say, "Hey, I'm curious, John. Tell me about this." Or, "Mary, I'm curious." Or, "I'm just really curious." It sounds kind of inauthentic. So, you can say it here and there, but just be careful with it, okay? Like I said, you can always overdo this. I'm really emphasizing the tone here, but when you're in a real conversation, your prospects don't know what's

going on. Just keep that in mind. "Hey, so when you saw the ad, what was it that you kind of read or or went over that caused you to feel like, 'Hey, maybe maybe I should look into this a bit further.'" See, I'm curious, okay? That tends to open people up more. I'm also going to use, as a rule of thumb, a curious tone, not all the time, in what's called situation questions. Because how do we build the gap to where they want to be if we don't really understand where they're at? That's pretty hard, okay? So, let's say if it's a market agency, so

what what do you guys do now to generate new leads and clients? See, that's just a curious tone, okay? Nice and easy. Now, it doesn't mean that I'm just going to use this same tone. The third tonality that you really want to pay This is a really key here, so stay with me here. This is a concern tone, okay? A concern tone, a tone that shows empathy. Now, why would I want to use a concern tone? When you want the other person to take something seriously, you want to bring your energy down a little bit and slow down your pace and a little bit of

weight into your voice, little softness into your voice. You can actually move in like this to lower your tone. Guys, I'll give you a classic example. You see The Wolf of Wall Street, right? Leonardo DiCaprio, he's talking like he's like really energetic and then he starts to lean in on his desk and he said, "John, something came across my desk that" and his tone starts to go down to that serious, like lower concern tone. Like he's got something that's important to him the prospect the the doesn't know about. That causes the brain of the prospect to pay attention and feel like what you're about to

say is really, really important to them. Once again, you don't want to overuse this where it sounds weird or fake, okay? Obviously, in this video because we're role-playing, it's going to sound a bit different than when I'm in a conversation with a real human being. So, where would I maybe use a concern tone, okay? There There's something really holding them back. You've You tried to overcome this one concern objection like multiple times. You've reframed it seven times. You came up with 17 frames. You saw it from some influencer on Instagram that probably has never really sold that much himself. That's a whole 'nother story here.

But, I might come in here like um Can Can I ask you something, John? See how my tone shifts down? Like it's serious. Like I'm concerned. um What's really holding you back? See how that tone sound? Hey, um can I be super straightforward without you being upset with me? We've been talking here for the last 45 minutes. What's really holding you back from getting started? See how my tone shifts down? That concern, serious tone. If I can't speak to the real human being underneath that mask, it's unlikely they're going to buy. And if they don't buy, their problems stay the same and nothing ever changes.

So, I'm doing this for them. I want to open them up. That is just one example where I might use a concern tone. Or I might come in. This would be more of what we call a consequence question. past the shift. So, I might in one sense be like, "Well, what did you actually do then when that happened?" Uh and how long ago did that happen? So, what happens if this doesn't get fixed? I'm up. I'm curious. And then all of a sudden it goes down into that concern tone. That's where you want to learn how to pace it out. We teach you how to

do that in our courses, all right? So, that might be an example of where I might use a concern tone. Now, there's other areas. I might use this when I'm trying to help them find problems they didn't realize they had. We call this any PQ problem awareness questions. Let's say if I sold life insurance. I'll just give you a few examples of this and different frames so you can use them for your industry. I'm talking to you the guy that says wife is Cindy, okay, and they've got two kids, and I find out all of their expenses. I'm going to take the context of what

they're saying in the conversation and add it into the questions. It's not going to be the first question you ask. So, I might lean and say, "I mean, do you do you want her to have to pay for all those expenses if you if you didn't have to?" See how my tone shifts into that concerned tone? Notice how my tone starts curious. So, how many months would she be able to pay for the house payment, the cars, like the credit cards, all those expenses without your income? See how my tone shifted just a little bit from curious to concerned. You see how that works here?

That causes them to think deeper about what I'm asking, which causes them to what? Have a fear in this example of future pain. He's not there, now his family's stuck paying for all this because they didn't get the damn policy, okay? Or I might say, "So, what happens to Cindy and the kids at that point?" That's a consequence question, but notice I say it in a concerned tone, a tone that shows empathy. Now, in your mind, when you have a concerned tone, I'm not going to use a concerned tone just randomly. I'm only using it when they're talking about problems and consequences, okay? That's where

I'm going to like I'm concerned for you that this is never going to change. I'm not saying those words, but my tone is saying those words. Because if I said this like, "Well, I mean, what's going to happen to her and the kids at that moment though if you don't get this coverage?" Sounds a little bit judgmental. They're like, "Well, we'll just figure something out." Right? They're going to get pissed. I said the same words. Same words, but my tone. Remember mama said, "It's not what you say, it's how you say it." Your mama somehow learned tonality or something. I don't know what happened there,

okay? Let's go to the fourth tonality. This is the one that I mentioned that's going to feel a little bit wrong at first, and it's this. It's the challenging tone. Am I going to use a challenging tone in the first couple of minutes of a sales conversation? probably unlikely cuz how much trust or credibility do I have in the first couple minutes? Probably zero, right? But as I build the gap from where they are to where they want to be, I get them to feel the pain of those problems from the past and a fear of future pain, then there's a way more trust there

and I can be far more challenging. Now, I would be very careful about saying, "Hey, can I challenge you on that?" Be very careful and it depends on the type of personality you say that to. If I said it in a concerned tone like, "Hey, can I um possibly challenge you on that?" It's going to be different than like, "Hey, can I challenge you on that?" It sounds a little bit different compared to "Can I um can I possibly challenge you on that?" I would getting permission basically to challenge him on something is even better than just challenging them on something, okay? Now, a subcategory

of a challenging tone is a skeptical tone, okay? So, there are certain questions I might ask where I'm going to push back a little bit. Like, I'm a little bit skeptical. Like, why are you even here? Let's say if you're selling something that helps them make more money or something that, you know, scales their business and you ask them about their financial goals and like, "Well, I'd at least like to make this." Well, at least is kind of a limiting belief, right? Because always write this down. What a prospect says to you is typically how they think. I'm like, "Hey, can I um can I

offer you maybe a different perspective on that word that you mentioned when you said the least?" Yeah, sure, go ahead, Jeremy. "Have you ever considered that when we focus on getting the least things in life, what do we typically get?" And they're going to be like, "We get the least." And then I'm going to frame them. I'm going to say, "And you don't seem but you don't seem like the type of person who wants to get the least things in life. Would I be right? So, what do you really want?" You see that reframe? I'm helping them overcome a limiting belief, okay? So, I'm a

little bit skeptical there. Now, let me show you a few examples of where you might use this, okay? I'm selling like business consulting to help them, you know, fix their culture because their problems are is they're losing a lot of top executives to XYZ competitors. So, what happens if you don't do anything about this and you keep losing your top executives to XYZ competitor? I mean, what are the ramifications for the company at that point? Like, I'm concerned, but I started off with a challenging tone. That raises the emotion. Now, why do I want to raise the emotion? Okay? Because right before that, I probably

asked some type of future pacing question like once the problem's solved, you know, how do you see this helping you or something like that where they tell me how this new XYZ problem being solved is going to get them where they want to be and I want to rip that away from them and get them to defend themselves on why they feel like they have to change and they change now. That helps drive urgency in the sale. So, that might be where I use a challenging tone. So, let's say if I sold solar, I could do the same thing here. So, what happens if you

don't do anything about this, they keep raising your rates like they always have, now you're 75, 80 years old, still being forced to pay the bill every month, but now the bill's three times as high. How are you going to pay for it at that point? So, over from challenging to concerned. You see how I did that, okay? Do that for every industry. Last tone we want to focus on is the playful tone. Now, we're not using a playful tone to be the class clown, okay? Remember, I talk a lot about like disarming the prospect. So, one really good way to disarm the prospect is

to get them to laugh. Scientifically, is it releases a chemical from your prospect's adrenal glands that goes up to the brain, it's called dopamine, and it calms the nervous system, which causes the guard to come down. So, when I say disarming the prospect, what I really mean is how do you calm the nervous system? Laughter does that, okay? So, let me give you an example of this. Uh so, so this is the playful tone. You're on the phone with the prospect and they say, "Well, how's your day going?" Instead of you just saying like, "Oh, I'm doing good, you know, how are you doing?" or

like, "Oh, I'm just working hard." That doesn't really hurt you to say that, but it doesn't really help you disarm them. So, I'm going to put some humor in there. Oh, you know, just trying to stay out of trouble. What about you? You getting trouble over there, George? Oh, man, I'm not getting any trouble. I'm I'm pretty good here, you know. Now, I don't want to sound like this. How you doing today, Jeremy? Oh, just trying to stay out of trouble. How are you doing, man? Sounds kind of awkward, right? Or what if I said this? Uh how you doing today, Jeremy? Uh you know,

just hanging out being the boring guy. What about you? You being boring over there? Same thing. Oh, I'm sure you're not boring. Staying out of trouble over there. Whatever I want to do there. So, remember, I want you to understand this is the principle of this. I see so many people trying to use this type of stuff, but you don't know why you're using it. You don't understand the context of why would use it and in certain context why wouldn't use it at all, depending on the prospect, okay? So, if I just, you know, watch random YouTube videos from YouTube University, which we love, or

like 60-second IG bros of this stuff, you don't understand the context, that's why you're struggling with this. Well, Jeremy, I you know, just to be honest with you. So, what am I going to do? Well, thank you for being honest with me. I'd hope you'd be honest with me, man. Causes them to feel what? That you're actually honest as well. Okay, does that make sense? How I'm implying that I'm also honest. But, I can't say it like this. Well, thank you for being honest with me. I'd hope you'd be honest with me as well. That sounds weird, okay? So, you've got to like be a

little bit You have to practice a playful tone. How do you practice it? You practice it with people who've already mastered it themselves. If I practice my tonality with, let's say, if you're married, or you got a girlfriend, or a boyfriend, or you're practicing it with other sales people in your company that haven't mastered it themselves, what's the likelihood you're going to get the correct feedback so you can get better at it? Probably unlikely, right? So, you want to have somebody that really has mastered themselves give you the feedback. That's why people come to us. Let's say if you have no hair. You're just some

dude that's bald. Use it to your advantage. How you doing today, Jim? Uh you know, just hanging out over here looking for hairspray online. What about you? Now, only do that if they can see you. If you're on the phone and you say that and they don't know who you are, that's they're not going to laugh cuz it's okay, yeah, sure you're looking for hairspray, weird. And it's kind of interesting, you know, we had a had a salesperson, good guy, started his own like training company now. He was like Asian and he just he couldn't this was not his personality to say, oh, just hanging

out, being the boring guy. Came off weird, it was like he sounded awkward when he said it. So, he came up with something like this. So, they'd say, how are you doing today, Brian? He's like, oh, you know, just just being Asian over here. And they would just like they'd be like, oh my gosh. But do you see how he took the principle of what I'm teaching and he applied it to something completely different that I never even said before. That's what I'm teaching you here is how to apply the principles of that. I could also use the playful tone in other circumstances. Let's say

if I sold life insurance and the guy's been thinking about for 3 years, I might jump in and be like, well, jeez, man, I don't want you sleeping on the couch tonight if your wife heard that you haven't even got the coverage yet and you could pass away. But in all seriousness, what happens if you don't do anything? Do you see the tone shift there? I got his card down cuz I was playful and then I went into that concerned tone automatically. You see how your tone can make you a killer in sales persuasion and influence. Okay, so there you have it. There's the five

types of tonality. Obviously, there's a reason why you follow me. You're here to learn. You want to grow. So, if you're that type of person who wants to get to the next level in sales, I've got a 3-day event coming up for you. We've already sold almost 1,200 tickets. 1,200 sales people coming to meet me in Dallas, Texas. It's July 10th through the 12th and you know that there is another level to get to so you can get to the top 1%. We're going to put the [music] link to the tickets. There's general admission, there's VIP and elite and I'm actually giving away one of

my cars. So, somebody in that audience is [music] going to win a free car. Everything paid by me. If you like sports cars, you're probably going to like it.
