10 Minute Training to Crush Any Price Objection
https://youtu.be/3-eaC91nWg0

All right. In this training, I'm going to go over how to respond if your prospect says, "Hey, can you give me a discount or can you give me a cheaper price?" This is something that you don't have to do once you learn how to take them out of price or costbased thinking into results based thinking. As you really start to commit to mastering this, and this is why you're here, right? This you should hardly ever get. I can tell you in my 18 years sales career before I started this company, okay, when I was a salesperson like you in the trenches, I rarely got this

and I sold in four completely different industries because I knew how to immediately from the start of that conversation to the end take them out of price or costbased thinking where they're only focused on the end result and now the price or cost doesn't really matter. Okay, they'll pay way more because they feel like you can get them a much better result. Okay. So, the first thing you can do is do this. Hey, can you give me a a cheaper price on this? Well, I mean, it depends. Now, you you must have asked me that for a reason. So, you're not going to answer that.

Don't say yes or no. Just say, well, you must have Now, you must have asked me that for a reason, though. Yeah, the reason why I asked you was, or I could say this, well, I guess it depends. And you must have asked me that for a reason. Like, what's what's going on? Notice how my tone gets soft. Concerned tone. Okay. Let's say they come back and they say, "Well, we talked with a competitor of yours and they offered it for 8% less or 10% less." Okay, now you know what they mean by they want a cheaper price because they're talking with somebody else. Uh

for other people, it could be they they could say we don't have the money for it or uh you know, we don't have the money till next week. I mean, there's different reasons why they might ask you that question. And so you need to find out what's behind them asking that question first before you start to deframe them and reframe them into a new frame resultsbased thinking. Okay, let's say that they said, "Oh, XYZ company offered it for 10% less." Oh, yeah. What What specifically did they offer you? Now, why would I want to ask that question in that scenario? Because I they might have

offered them something different. Maybe it's a uh the same thing that you do, but it has less service options. Or maybe it has uh the the quality of the products really really bad. Like they're cheap cheap windows if you sell a home improvement like windows and you know they'll have to replace them in half the time of yours. I mean you just got to find out what they actually offered them. Uh what oh what specifically did they offer you? I mean if you really thought about what did they offer you? Now if they come back and say well you know I'm not really sure. Well

if you really thought about what did they actually offer you? Now a lot of times the reason why you ask that question is you got to realize a lot of your prospects will actually lie to you. Okay. Now, why do they lie? Because they don't trust you. And that is an upstream issue. You've got to work on from the start of that conversation. There's things you're saying or not asking or how you're using your tone that's triggering them not to trust you. So, sometimes prospects will just lie to you and tell you that they found it cheaper somewhere else. But how do you know they

did? Okay. So, here's a way you can do that. Okay. So, if I find out what specifically they got offered and they can't really tell me, it's kind of a red flag. Now, if I probe and clarify and they still can't tell me, it's a really red flag. Okay? Uh because you don't want you want to make sure that you just don't lower it because they might be making it up. Okay? Now, I might come back and say this. Okay? They said, "Oh, they offered us this. They offered that." They would say, "Yeah, I mean, they're they're a fairly decent company." I mean, it just

depends on the results you're looking for. Then you're going to stop and they're always going to say, "Well, what do you mean?" Yeah, I mean, they're they're a fairly uh Now, if it's a product or service, I'm going say it's a fairly decent service. It it really all depends on like the result you're looking for. And you just stop because always say, "Well, what do you mean?" And then you say, "Well, I guess what I'm meaning is, is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually getting XYZ result?" And you're going to repeat back the result they said they wanted. Now notice

I said is the cheapest price. I don't say just the price. I say the cheapest. Okay. Does cheapest sound like a good thing? So is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or getting XYZ results? See how my tone makes that sound what? Like it's going to break. Like it's going to be horrible. Like it's cheap. Nobody likes something that's cheap. So you use the word is the cheapest. But you can't say so is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or getting XYZ result. That will not do anything because your tone sounded monotone. Now let me give you a few

industry specific examples so you can see the frame of this. Yeah. Can you give me a price? Well, it really depends. Now you must have asked me that for a reason. Well, yeah, because of this was it. So, is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually getting like higher quality leads so you can scale to $12 million a month? Let's say if I'm a marketing agency and the company I'm talking to, they feel like they need better marketing or better lead generation or better branding so they can scale. And they told me they want to scale to $12 million a month.

And let's say they're only at $8 million a month. So, see what I'm doing? I'm taking them out of the frame of price or costbased thinking and I'm starting to reframe them into what? Resultsbased thinking, a new frame or a new belief system. Okay? When I take them out of price or cost into the end result, I'm just repeating back what they said they wanted and I'm asking them which one is the most important. Now, notice I say the cheapest. So, is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually getting the right marketing strategy in reading scale to $12 million a month?

I even do this. Even if I'm on the phone, I'm going to do this because it affects my what? My tone, my body language, and my facial expression affect this. Your voice, your tone. Now, typically they're going to say, "No, I mean, we want the result. I I just, you know, they most of the time they're going to be like, "No, no, no. We want the result." And like, well, what's going to put you in the best position to scale to 12 million a month? Like cheap leads that don't convert or a higher quality lead so you can actually sell more. See how I'm taking

them from cheapest leads now if I'm selling marketing to the end result scaling. What's going to put them in the best position? I'm keeping them in that resultsbased thinking. And then I can come down because I mean we could give you like a cheap price. We could give you like cheap leads. I I guess I'm just concerned because how would you how would we be able to dedicate the resources necessary to help you scale to $12 million a month without the funding for us to help you get higher quality leads? See, I'm asking them, how can we get you to what you said you wanted

if we don't have the resources necessary to help you do that? Now, this frame would would be more for like a marketing agency or something where you're helping them do something to earn more money. It wouldn't make sense for life insurance. We would just reword this. We would tweak this. It wouldn't make sense for solar or like cars or, you know, cyber security. We would have to We'd have to tweak this a little bit. Yeah. Because I mean, we can just we can give you like the cheapest price. I guess I'm just concerned for you because how would we be able to And then you

repeat back. We just have to tweak it a bit different. Okay. How would we be able to dedicate the resources necessary to help you scale to $12 million a month without the funding to do that? That is called I'm looping there. So now I'm looping and I'm asking them how can we do this without the funding? It's hard for them to say yeah, there's a way we can do it without the funding. and then I'm going to come back down to the frame again because is the 10% off the most important thing for you or actually scaling to $12 million a month and say I'm

still taking them out of the price or costbased frame into resultsbased frame. Let's say if I sold employee benefits to companies and they ask me for a better deal. The reason why they're talking to me is because they're losing a lot of their top executives to their competitors who are offering them better benefit packages and now mine can prevent that from happening. Okay. But I find out that they want a better deal. Well, I I guess it just depends on the result you want. I guess it really just depends on if you're wanting to retain these executives or not. Because is the cheapest price the

most important thing to you? are putting in the right benefits package so your top executives don't leave the company. See what I did there? See, now it's forcing them to pick which one. I'm framing them again. Okay? Putting them back into that resultsbased frame. Okay? Because we could give you like a cheap plan. I guess my concern for you guys is how would you be able how would we be able to help you retain your top employees so you can keep growing the business if we put in a cheap plan that they don't even like? Or I could say because I mean we could get

you a cheap plan like XYZ company was offering you. I guess my concern for you guys would be is how would you be able to retain your top employees from leaving you to go to these other companies by putting in a cheap plan that they're probably not going to like. See, I'm refraraming them again back into resultsbased frame over price or costbased thinking. So anyways, hope that helped you. If you have questions about how to get that to work for your industry, now I showed you several different industry specific exams. I showed you the frames of that, so you can just follow that. But if

you do have questions, just feel free to text us, okay? I'll give you the number here. It's 48-637 2944. Uh text us and either myself or one of our sales trainers uh will help you out on that. Hope that helped you.
