How To STOP A Sales Objection Before It Starts
https://youtu.be/5ibUZZu73dw

What I'm about to share with you is something that I would say no sales trainer or no speaker has ever shared with you before. But I know that you truly cannot master sales and persuasion without it. You know, one of the biggest things that sales people and companies come to us, one of the biggest things is like, "Hey, we need to get better at objection handling." I'm like, "Well, what what do you feel you're saying that's causing the objection to happen in their mind? Because I can show you all the band-aid approaches in the world. They're really really good. Would you rather learn how to

prevent the objection from happening in their mind though? Who's with me on this? Raise your hand if you want to learn that. That's called objection prevention. A lot of that is building them into the identity of the person who becomes a buyer. What's one of the first things that you start to think about when a salesperson first starts talking to you? What's one of the first questions that pops into your mind when a salesperson first starts talking to you? How much is this going to what? Why does your brain go there? Conditioned. Ah, okay. It's a what? It's a pattern. Okay. So, if you're thinking

that, are your prospects thinking that when you first approach them, this is a right or downer. This is the one thing that's really, really important for you. You're not selling the thing. You're selling the results of what your thing does. Does that make sense? Everybody with me? on the same page here because in your prospect's mind, okay, think of all your competition out there. In your prospect's mind, it kind of all looks the what? The same. They don't know all the competitive features and benefits all you guys have, right? And all those competitors are also out there telling them what how they're number one, they're

the best, they have this, they have that. So, in the process, put yourself in their shoes. In their mind, everyone sounds kind of the same. Okay? Let's say if there's a uh a couple that run the store. Would would I be right that a lot of times a couple run these stores are like one of them or Okay. So, they always talk to each other. Yeah. So, let's say if I'm talking to uh John and his spouse is not there, Mary. And John tells me a problem. Um what was the last problem your prospect said they had? Well, I'm not saying a problem they gave

you like a problem that you can solve. Does that make sense? When I say, "What is the problem?" I'm talking about a problem you can solve, not like, "Oh, it's too expensive." That's an objection. Because if they said, "We don't have the money." And you thought that they really didn't. You just bought another story. Yeah. But I know you won't do that anymore. Problems aren't real. Yeah. They're stories, right? So, what was the problem they told you like, "Oh, we're having this problem." Um, well, we hear the same ones all the time, which is getting people in the store. Is that something you can solve?

There are some things that we can do actually that we're starting to get into other companies. They're not coming to store because they don't like the products we're carrying or what's what's the reason? It could be location. That's probably one of the biggest reasons why people come to us is because a lot of the customers just don't like the food in there. So, they come to us because they want food that people are wanting to buy. Yeah. What did I just start to do? Solve the problem. I'm starting to reframe your belief system. Yeah. Why did I say that's probably one of the biggest reasons

why stores come to us? Why did I say that? What does that do? What am I starting to do? Am I raising? Instead of me saying we're the number one in the market, what did I just say? I just said we're the number one in the market, but in a way where it doesn't right saying the same. Does that make sense? An answer to their problem. Yeah. Oh, that's probably one of the biggest reasons why store owners come to us. We have solutions. Well, I wouldn't want to say so if I say we have solutions, what does that mean to them? See how vague we

have solutions is? That's probably one of the biggest reasons why people come to us is because they feel like their food's not moving off the shelves because of XYZ. So, they come to us for that or whatever it is. But you got to say what it is. If you just say we have solutions in the prospect's brain, see how you're not too vague. It's too vague that the brain doesn't I can't get their brain to focus on what I want them to focus on. Once again, do I want them to focus on certain things? Am I doing that to them or am I doing that

for them? I'm doing that for them because if I can't get them to focus over here, I can't I can't open them up. I can't solve problems. They don't buy. Okay, does that make sense? Hey guys, Jeremy Miner here. Look, a lot of you leave comments wanting me to help you somewhere. So, the easiest way to get a hold of me, the quickest way is to text me. So, text me right now. It's 48-637-2944. So, 48-637-2944. Listen, I started this company to help you learn how to close more deals, but do it the right way. Text me right now. Let's get back to the training

video. So, let's say they have that problem. So, tell me the problem. Tell me the problem that you can solve with um I can solve problems uh with issues with animals. Okay, be specific. That's still big. So, diarrhea, stomach issues. How do you solve that? With what we do in our food, how we make our products. Okay, so that's a problem for the consumer. How does it affect the store owner? Well, if they don't have an answer for that, when the customer comes in, we give them the answer because you have like a guarantee or something. Yes, we do. Okay. So, how does your So,

how often is this happening where customers are coming in? A lot. Well, how often? Daily. Daily. How many? Probably at least a couple a day. And what are they saying to you guys? They're saying that their their dogs have stomach issues, diarrhea issues, digestive problems, gas. How many times a day do you think that's happening realistically? A few. Just a few times. And when they say that, like how many of those do you feel like you might be losing? Like where they don't come back? Um, you could be losing. Like you've really thought about it. Yeah, you could be losing a lot. How many do

you feel like you guys are losing? Hard to say. Probably a few customers a day. Few customers a day. And and what what is your like your your average customer? Like what's their lifetime value? Like how how much like you make revenue off like your average customer like on on like a monthly basis? Monthly probably. Yeah. You have Do you have like the phone there? Do you have like the calculator thing? My mom said I'm like horrible math. What's What's the math on that? So you're losing two customers a day times how much? How much per customer? Probably at least $100. So what Okay. So

what's the what's the math on that? You're the prospect now. You be the prospect. $100. Yeah. Yeah. So, what's a what's an So, you're losing two customers a day. What is that per week, though? What is that? That's That's $1,400 a week. $1,400. And what's uh So, 1400 times What is it times? My mom said I was wasn't the sharpest mathematician in the shed. What's four times the 1400 a week times 12 or times 52 weeks. Oh, you're doing a Oh, so okay. So, you're talking about like 70 What is it? $72,800. How many years has this been going on? a lot. What's it doing

to you guys? What's it doing to you guys? Uh, it's keeping us from reaching our potential. Yeah. How does your How does Mary feel about losing the 72,000 a year? She's leaving me. Well, I don't Well, I know you're joking. I don't I don't want you sleeping on the couch. I don't want you sleeping on the couch tonight. If she heard you say that. In all seriousness though, like, how did she feel about losing that much funds? She doesn't know. What would she What would she say when you tell her? Happy. What would she say when you told her? She wouldn't be happy. How do

we fix this? Yeah. Okay. What am I starting to do? And I said, "How does Mary feel about XYZ problem consequence? What am I starting to do? What am I starting to deframe? You're taking away the objection of having to talk to her because you're going to come to her with I'm starting that process." Yes. And then he Oh, she doesn't like it. I mean, does she does she want you to like figure out a way to like stop the losses or what does she want you to do? Oh, yeah. She definitely wants me to do that. See, I'm starting to take them out of

that frame if they have that frame. All I'm doing is what? I'm preventing objection from happening. Now, there's more to it that I'm going to deframe, but do you see I'm starting that process?
