6 Minutes To Master Identifying Lies In Sales Prospects
https://youtu.be/cds2og4MDMU

You've heard the phrase buyers are liars, but the question is [music] what's causing them to lie? I can tell you first and foremost is a lack of trust. But the question has to be what is causing them to not trust you. [music] Okay? So, I'm going to show you these three things. The first reason why they don't trust you is you've been taught how to ask predictable questions. Now, why is that a problem for you? How many times have you heard questions like, "What are your some of your challenges?" Okay. What do you feel like you need? What do you feel like you need in

a solution? Okay. See how vague and generalized those questions are? These are predictable questions triggering them to actually shut down emotionally. Now, this is called fight or flight. Other sales people they've had negative experiences with have asked them similar types of questions. Now, all I want to do is I want to reframe those questions. Now, this is called pattern interrupt. So instead of saying, "Mr. Prospect, what are some of your challenges or what are some of your problems or what are some of the issues that you're experiencing?" And they're like, "Well, it's not really that bad." I might reframe that question. Help me understand what's

caused you to feel like you might want to look at someone else. I'm pacing that question out. If I said, "So, help me understand. You've been with vendor X for 5 years. They're fairly decent. What's caused you to feel like you might want to look at somebody else?" "Oh, I don't know. We're just always looking around." If I ask that question with a monotone voice like that, you get vague, generalized, surface level answers. And human beings spy on logic or emotion. I have to open them up emotionally. So, I got to get them to internalize what I'm asking them and think deeper. So, help me

understand. You've got the Cadillac. I mean, that's a fairly decent car. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want something different? Might want something different. Now, fairly decent. If I've already used that once in the conversation, I can't say that again. I might say, "Is your management team 100% in love with the way your fraud stack is set up?" Nobody's 100% in love with anything. There's always something that they're not satisfied with. Reason number two is I don't want to come across monotone, too excited, or timid or nervous. I want to come across more detached. Not that I don't care, but I'm

not the one that has the problem. Hila, okay? It stands for this high intent, low attachment. Who has the problems? The prospect does, not you. Who has the solution to solve those? You do. I'm concerned for the consequences if you don't do anything, but I'm not attached to that cuz it's not my problem. Write down highlight. Very, very important for you. Let's say they haven't really opened up. They've been giving you a lot of vague, generalized, surface level answers. I might simply say, "Can I ask you something?" That is a concern tone. I'll show you a few examples. Mary, can I can I ask you

something? Okay, now this is not the first question you're going to ask. That would be weird. This is maybe three4s of the way in. They're just not opening up. Can I can I ask you something? Sure, Jeremy. Go ahead. And this is, you know, it's between you and I. You know, it's off the record. What What's really holding you back from moving forward? The point is, I'm getting them to open up because of the tone, because of how I'm asking the question. Okay, let's go to number three. You haven't learned yet how to listen to what the prospect means, not just what they say. Let's

say that you're going in for the close. Do you feel like this could be the answer for you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I heard uncertainty. If I hear that, do I want to address that there or do I want to just try to close and hope and pray that it just goes away? I'm like, "Hey, you seem a bit hesitant." When I asked you that question, notice how that seems what? Relaxed, low pressure. Am I calm? Am I still certain? Am I confident? Loud doesn't necessarily mean persuasive. I'm still assertive, but more like an expert is. Okay? So, I'm in person. I'm in a boardroom. There's

eight decision makers and I've got two champions there. These are also decision makers or people who can influence the decision makers. And let's say there's a lady over there like four chairs up on the conference table. I go through slide 12 and I see her do this. She puts her arms like that and she kind of looks up and she's like that's a nonverbal signal. That's your tonality and facial expressions. So, remember when I say listen to what the prospect means, not just what they say. I can read their body language if I'm in person or on Zoom. And if I'm not, I can read

their the tonality. And do uncertain human beings make buying decisions? Unlikely. I want to get her certain. Hey. Hey, Mary. You you seem a bit um hesitant when I went through that last slide. What's um what's behind that? Just so I understand. Now, notice my tone sounds concerned. Okay. Not concerned for me. Concerned for who? For her. Okay. Like I'm I have empathy. Okay. If I come across aggressive, I'm like, "Hey, uh, John, you seemed a bit hesitant when I asked when I went through that last slide. Like, what's coming up for you, man?" Well, and they're going to get defensive. Write this down. This

is important. You understand them without buying into their story. If they do not buy, I offered them no value. I wasted their time because if they don't buy, their problems stay the same. They stay in the status quo and nothing ever changes. So, I'm not going to buy their story. However, I cannot come across like I'm judging them. What's coming up for you? Just just so I understand. I'm concerned. I have empathy. Well, it's nothing horrible. Well, you can tell me. It's okay. And I just move back around. All right. So, there you have it. You've been taught how to ask predictable questions. I show

you how to reframe some of those. Your tone sounds too monotone. We come across like the expert and listen to what the prospect means. If you're the type of person who obviously wants to sell more, here's the easiest way to do it. Go to seventhlevelwu.com. That is our community. We go live three times a day, myself and my trainers. [music] We can give you the first 30 days at no cost. You can check it out. Go to sevenlevelwu.com and subscribe to this channel to get more. Hope that helped you. Until next time, Jeremy Miner over and
