The Biggest Psychological Triggers That Makes Prospects Close themselves
https://youtu.be/CHbOB4w4J8Y

Your prospects aren't saying no to you. They're saying no because the gap between where they are compared to where they could be isn't big enough in their mind [music] yet. So come over here to the buy board. I'm going to show you how to step by step build that gap. Now what do I mean by building [music] the gap? Every prospect has what we call write this down. This is important to you. A current state. So write down current state. Okay? That means where they're at kind of right now. That what's their situation? And every prospect also has what we call their objective state. Now

what do I mean by objective state? This is basically where their future is. Like where they could be once the newfound problems and or emotional needs are solved. So here's where they are right now, current state. Here's where they could be. We called that their objective state. And what is in between that? That is the gap. That are all the problems that you can help them find that maybe they didn't understand they actually had when you first started talking with them. Now, the question is, how do you actually do that? And why is it so critical for you to master if you want to sell

a lot more than where you're at now? So, I'm going to go over here. This is very important to you as well. You want to listen to this right here. The two biggest emotional drivers that causes a human being to want to change. And what do I mean by change? meaning they go from where they are and now they could see where they can be and they want to purchase what you're offering. Your solution are these two things. Number one is pain of their current situation. Okay, that could also be their past history. Okay, getting them into that pain. where they feel that pain of

what's going on right now or maybe something that's happened in the past to them or the company, whoever you're selling to. The second biggest emotional driver is this, the fear of future pain. Okay, so let's say if you sold life insurance, they might not have a, you know, pain right now. Obviously, they haven't passed away, they haven't left their family, but I can get them into that fear that that's going to happen eventually. They may have that fear of future pain. or if you sold cyber security for example [snorts] and maybe they don't even have a problem right now but I can also get them

to have a fear that it could happen. I often also sell products and services where I can get them to feel both. These two things trigger urgency in the mind which causes a human being to want to do something about it. Now the question is what do I need to do to get them there? Okay. Now these are called write this down NPQ problem awareness questions. Now, if you're not one of our clients, NPQ, write this down. Stands for neuro emotional persuasion questioning. Okay? And so, this what we call this is gap building. How do we build the gap? Problem awareness questions. So, there's three

main reasons. Now, I'm going to show you some tactical questions you can use right after this. Number one, what are the prospects real problems? Now, notice I said real problems, not just surface level stuff they might have told you. I'm going to show you what I mean by that in a minute. And also what did I do there? I didn't say problem, I said problems. Because the more problems that you can learn how to help them find, we call that problem find. The more problems you can help them find, the bigger that gap is from where they are to where they want to be. So

if I only help them find one problem, that gap's not that very big, is it? But if I help them find two or three or four or five other problems they didn't realize they had, now that gap becomes really, really painful, okay? Where they feel like, hey, I can't do this online. I've got to hire these people or whoever it is to be able to get this done for me. Okay. Number two, what is the root cause of the problem? Okay. So, if I can get the prospect to understand what the real problems are with my questionability and then I can get them with my

questions to start to see and feel what's caused the problems, the root cause. And why is that important? Because now they figure that out. Now they understand why the problem happened. So, they start to attach the need to doing something about it. And then third, this is where most sales people struggle. How are those problems affecting them personally? Even if you're selling to a Fortune 100 CEO, does that Fortune 100 CEO have emotions? Yes. Are they human? Yes. So, I have to learn how to get them to open up emotionally and tell me how these problems or emotional needs are affecting them even personally. That's

where the emotion comes out. Okay. So, here's what I'm going to do right now. I'm going to show you a few generic frames or outlines you can use uh so you can use those for your industry and then I picked about 10 different industries so you can kind of see how those frameworks work and you definitely want to take note you want to write this out important to you if you want to sell more. Okay. All right. So here's a few generic frames. Now realize these are generic. All right. You're not going to use these. I'm just showing you the frameworks so you can plug

in what you sell to these frameworks. Okay. Number one, if I'm cold calling, so typically if I'm cold calling, okay, or maybe even calling outbound leads, I could even use this type of frame. If I'm doing inbound um or in person, if I'm in the home, if I sell to consumers, or if I'm in a company selling to companies, I can do the same thing. Okay? So, obviously, this is not going to be the first question you ask. I've already asked my connection questions. I've got their guard down. I've already asked my situation questions. I've helped them and me understand their real situation and now

I'm getting into building the gap, helping them find problems. Okay? So, I can lean in. I can say, I mean, do you 100% love the results you've been getting? Now, that frame wouldn't make sense in some industries. In some industries, it would, and I'll tell you why in a second. I could ask this. Now, these are beginning frames, okay? So, I want to specify you wouldn't ask all of these. You would just pick one of these six that I picked out and plug what you sell in. And I'll show you to do that in a second. Number two, they might tell me some type of

problem. And I might say, I mean, do you do you want to have to keep going through that if you I mean, if you didn't have to or do you want to have to keep doing that if you if you didn't have to? Now, notice how am I asking that? What type of tone? That is called a concerned tone. So, write that down. Concerned tone. A tone that shows empathy. Now, why would I want to ask that type of question in a concerned tone? If I ask that in a cure something, see how it sounds like if I said this. I mean, do you want

to have to keep doing that if you didn't have to? Well, no, of course not. So, I want to lean in. I want to lean in and I want them to feel like I'm concerned for the problem they just said they're having. Okay? Because if if the prospect feels like you're concerned about your the situation they're going through, if they feel like you're concerned about the consequences if they don't do anything, would you say that lowers trust they have with you or do you feel like that would raise trust that they have with you? Of course, obviously raise trust because they feel like you you

care about them, you care about them, you know, getting the result of whatever they want. Okay, this is a very popular frame. And typically, we're going to use this frame if I'm doing inbound. I could use this if I'm doing outbound uh you know virtually. I could even use this if I've set up an appointment, come back to their house. I could use this if I set an appointment, come to their office. It really just depends. Okay, so I'm going to like I said, this is just generic. I'll show you how to plug it into your industry in a second. So, what's caused you to

feel like that might not be enough though? Okay. Or what's caused you to feel like you might want to look at someone else? Okay, once again, this is generic right here. Okay, number four. I could use this for inbound, some outbound. I could use this for a lot of different things. This frame as well. So, once I find out what that prospect has or what they do or whatever, I mean, they're I mean, you've been with XYZ company the last 5 years. I mean, they're they're fairly decent. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want something different? So, I mean, you I

mean, the Cadillac you have right now, I mean, that's a a fairly decent car. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want something newer? Okay. See, I can just tie that into any industry. Tie that into auto industry right then and there. Okay. Let's go to number five. I'm going to show you some different industries so you can kind of map this out. Number five. Now, hold on. Hold on. It can't be all doom and gloom over there. What do you like about what they've done? Now, obviously, I'm not going to ask this as the first question, right? Said I've already got

their guard down, connected with them. Situational questions. Now, I'm problem. Oh, hold on. I mean, it can't be all doom and gloom over there. I mean, what do you what do you like about what they've done? Okay. So, I'm kind of exaggerating, making it funny. I'm using a what we call a playful tone right here. Now, why do I use a playful tone here, okay? Because I'm doing that strategically. I'm not trying to be the class clown. I'm doing it because when a human being laughs, it releases what's called dopamine in the brain. Dopamine in the brain calms your what? Your nervous system. And when

the prospect's nervous system is calm, is disarmed, it starts to trust you more. See what we're doing there? Does that make sense? Okay. So, and I'll show you some examples of that in a second. All right. Now, uh they start to tell you what they like about it. Well, we like this. We like that. And then immediately, right when they say that, after they've said that, what would you change if you could, though? So, well, we like this, we like this. What would you change if you could? It's got to be quick. What would you change if you could, though? You're just probing in there

real quick. All right. Now, let me show you a few different examples of this. All right. Let's see. All right. So, let me show you a few different industries. I'm going to show you how to tie these in. Once again, this is the first problem awareness question you would ask. There's other problem awareness questions you have to ask after that. We'll have to save that for another time. Okay. So, let's say if I'm selling roofing, it's huge industry. We're trained. Probably one of the top 10 or 15 in the world. And let's say that that prospect tells you that, you know, the the company that

installed the roof 15 or 16 years ago is ABC local company. Okay. So, I can take that information. So, so hold on. You've you had XYZ company put on the old roof 15 years ago. I mean, they're they're not horrible. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want to look at someone different? See what I'm doing there? See, why why does this work here? Because if I ask them, well, what did you like about them? What would you change? Like, those are predictable questions, okay? I don't want to necessarily just start with, what do you like about them? What would you change

if you could? What are some problems that you have? Uh, can you tell me your challenges, John? Uh, can you tell me some issues you have with them? Does your prospect know where those questions lead? Probably. Obviously, they know that they've heard those type of predictable questions from any salesperson who's ever tried to sell them anything. So, I have to refframe. I have to re-anguage actually, hold on. I have to re language my questions. Okay, that is called Well, I'm going to erase this right here. That's called a pattern interrupt. Okay, so prospects not used to that pattern. See, every human being, we recognize patterns.

So do your prospects. So if you sound like other sales people they've talked to, their guard starts to go up. You see that? So I want to interrupt that pattern. So notice how I'm interrupting this pattern by basically almost complimenting who they had. Okay? But did you notice how I used I said they're not horrible. I could say they're not horrible. I mean, they're not horrible. I mean, they're fairly decent. See how I'm saying that with my tone? I mean, you've been with them. I mean, they came out here 15 years ago. I mean, ABC company, they're fairly decent. I mean, what's what's caused you

to feel like you might want to look at someone else? Now, when I say the fairly decent, that's a neutral word. I don't want to say, "Oh, that's a great company." Or, "Oh, that's a horrible company." If I say that's a horrible company, why would I not want to do that? Because obviously every salesperson they would know is biased and you lose trust when you start to like talk bad about your competitors cuz they know what you're trying to do. I don't want to reinforce their belief system that maybe that company's good and they should have it back. So I'm going to use that term

fairly decent neutral or they're not horrible or they're I mean they're they're not bad. Okay, those are more neutral words where they're not going to their guard's not going to be triggered, but the way I say them, my tonality causes them to feel like I might know something that's not so good about that company, but I'm not saying it to them. See what I'm doing there? I'm seating what? Doubt. Okay. Uh well, I mean, we like them, but and now they're going to start to tell you what they don't like. Are you getting this? Okay. Let's go to another one here real quick. Let's say

if you are a real estate agent, uh real estate uh is our second biggest industry in region. Okay, commercial, residential, also uh investors climbing properties. So most real estate agents would ask a question like this. So why do you want to sell your home? Well, we want to sell our home because of this, this, and this. It's very surface level. You're not really finding out the why, like what's c like what's behind the why they want to sell the home. They're not really going to tell you that. So, I'm going to reframe that question here like this. I mean, guys, you've got a a very

beautiful property here. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want to sell it? You've got a very beautiful property here. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want to sell it? Now, what do I do here? Might want to sell it. Why would I use want to use might there? That's more of a neutral word because here at this stage, I don't want to start assuming too early. Okay? And why do I not want to start assuming this sale too early? Because how much trust and credibility do I have 5 7 minutes in? Not as much as I'm going

to have maybe 15, 18 minutes in. Okay. So, I'm going to wait to assume. I'm still a little bit more neutral here. As I build a bigger gap, I build more credibility. I can start assuming a lot more because there's more trust. Okay. All right. What I'm doing there? Okay. So, what am I doing there? I'm almost getting them to basically push back and defend themselves on why they want to sell the property. See what I'm doing? I'm triggering that emotion. Okay, let's keep going. I'm going to show you a couple different industries as well. Let's say you sold for a marketing agency. So, and

I want you to see how these frames work. So, let's say this is an inbound lead, could be an outbound lead, something like this. So, and you find out that that company you're selling to has been with a different agency for several years. So, I could say something like this. So, you've been with XYZ agency the last two years. I mean, what's caused you to feel like they might not be able to scale you to $8 million a month? Now, what am I doing? Am I making up $8 million a month? No. I'm just taking whatever they said was the reason why they're out looking

and I'm plugging it into the question. Okay. Now, they're well, we like agency, but and now they start to tell you things they don't like. Now, let me give you a warning to this. A lot of times, prospects, even in the beginning of a conversation, do what? Sometimes they'll just problem dump on you. Have you ever had that happen? Like they'll just start telling you two or three problems. If I ask this question without putting one of those problems at the beginning of the question, they're going to look at me like, "Well, I just told you why." Okay? So, I want to do this. So,

let's say if I find out that they didn't like the agency because the the leads were just not qualified. I'm just making something up. Okay. So besides the the leads not being so qualified, I mean, what's caused you to because you've been with them for three years, what's caused you to feel like you might want to look at someone else or what's caused you to feel like they might not be able to scale you to $8 million a month or what's caused you to feel like they might not be able to ever fix that for you? Okay, so I'm just plugging in whatever they said

wasn't a problem into this. And why do I do that? Because now they're going to tell me other things they don't like. And where does that build the gap? much bigger. Are you getting what I'm saying here? Okay. Now, let's say if I sold commercial insurance, this might be on a cold call. That first question's got to be a little bit different because this question wouldn't make sense if I'm cold calling, reaching out to them, and they never express any interest. Okay? If I'm cold calling, I've got to ask it a different way. So, besides the rate hikes they've been forcing you to pay, are

you 100% happy with what they've been doing for you? Now, notice what I did there. I put in something that they said they didn't like. So, in that cold call, let's say I already found out that they didn't like the rate hikes they've been forcing them to pay. What did I say? Forcing. Does anybody like to be forced to do anything? No. So, I'm triggering. I'm starting to put myself in between that prospect and the company they're with. And I'm the middle person that's going to help them get rid of that bad evil company. See what I'm doing there? So besides the rate hikes they've

been forcing you guys to pay. Are you 100% happy with the results you've been getting? Now see I lowered my tone into that concern tone like something could be wrong. And what did I also do here? Why did I say 100%. Why not say are you happy with the results you've been getting? Because human beings is any human being 100% happy with anything they have? Not really. Let's say that you are married right now or you're dating somebody, right? The first what, three, four, five, six months, they were perfect. They could do no wrong. They were like an angel floating on cloud nine. And then

6 months later, you found out what things you didn't like. See, no one is 100% happy with anything. So this question is not when I ask this question, you're not asking them are you happy with what's been going on, the results. You're asking them if they're 100% happy. So their brain doesn't think am I happy yes or no. Their brain thinks am I 100% happy yes or no. And it's very hard for a human to be like yes I'm 100%. Okay. In other trainings I'll show you what to do if you have one out of a 100 people that actually say yes I'm 100%. That's

very unlikely. Okay. All right. Let's keep going here. We got a few more I'm going to show you. Let's say if I sold cyber security. I can show you this for every industry on the planet including yours. Okay. So, are you 100% happy with the fraud stack they set up? Okay, if I'm selling cyber security and we're talking about their fraud stack. So, besides blank, are you 100% in love with the way they set up your fraud stack? Okay, notice I'm going down to that concern tone. Why? Because it starts to seed doubt that I might know something that they don't know, that might not

be good. So, I'm starting to seed that doubt. Now, when I seed that doubt, what does that do with the gap? It makes it much bigger. If they start to doubt what they have or don't have, they start to become more open to what? What I'm going to offer them. Are you getting this? Okay, let's keep going here. Now, like I said, why do I ask 100%. Like I said, nobody likes anything 100% of the time. Okay, so let's say if I sold solar, let's say if I sold door to door, it could be cold calling, could be in the home, inbound, doesn't matter. And

let's say that they start to talk about their bill and the rate hikes have gone up. You get them to admit that the rate hikes have gone up. They've got some problem. I might lean in and say, I mean, do you want to keep being forced to pay the rate hikes if you if you didn't have to? Now, what are these periods here? Does German just not know punctuation? Well, could be. Don't make fun of me. Spell and be Nazis. But I'm verbal pacing. So when I have these there that means I am pacing out the question because if I ask the question too fast

it goes in one ear out the other right they have no time to internalize. When you ask when you slow down your question and you pace it out it causes the the prospect to internalize and think deeper about what you're asking. When the prospect goes internal when they internalize that's where the emotion lives. See what we're doing there? So, I mean, do you want to keep being forced to pay the rate if you I mean, if you didn't have to notice the concern tone, that downward inflection. Okay. All right. Let's keep going here. I got a few more here for you. Let's say if I

stole for a staffing or recruit agency, big industry train as well. So, I mean, you've been using these job boards like Indeed the last few years. I mean, what's made you feel like they might not be getting you the best people? If I'm talking to a company now, I'm going to get them to hire me to recruit for them. See what I'm doing there? same frame there. Okay, let's go to another one. Let's say if I sold automobiles, okay, I even showed you an example of that. It's the fourth biggest industry train. I mean, your your Audi A6, I mean, that's a it's not a

horrible car by any means. And what's caused you to feel like you might want something newer? Well, we like it, but and now they start to tell you what everything they don't like. And where does the gap go? It gets much bigger. The bigger the gap, the bigger the what? The more need to change. the more urgency for them to act now and not keep pushing it down the road. Are you seeing where we're going here? Okay. All right. Let's keep going here. Let's say if I sold I'm in home improvement big industry trying to think the fifth biggest industry. Let's say if I sold

bathtubs or showers for senior citizens. You might have seen those commercials. They don't want mom to fall down. She might be 80 and she won't go to the hospital. She lives on her own. So, I mean, you've had the same tub here for 10 years. I mean, what's what's caused you to feel like it might not be safe enough for your mom? Concerned tone. You probably want to be concerned if they don't get this new tub in that's going to help her be safe that probably something bad could happen to her. Now, like I said again, if they've already told you some of the things

they don't like about what they have or don't have, they've already told you a problem, you just include it at the beginning of the problem or this question. Otherwise, they're going to look at you as like, "Well, I just told you." Okay? So, you've had this shower the last 15 years. Besides, you repeat back what they didn't like. So, besides the XYZ, what's caused you to feel like it might not be safe enough for your dad? Okay. So, you've had this shower for the last five 15 years. I mean, besides you guys not being here all the time to watch him, what's caused you to

feel like it might not be safe enough for your dad? Well, we like it. You're Well, well, we just feel like And they start to tell you other reasons why they want to change. Okay, remember pain of the current situation and fear of what? Future pain. See how that son or daughter would have a fear of future pain could happen. Okay. All right. Let me show you one or two more. Let's say if you sold financial services, third biggest industry we train. Okay. So, you've been investing with America the last several years. I mean, they're fairly decent. What's caused you to feel like that plan

might not be able to retire you by 63? If they said they needed to retire by 61, 63, whatever that is. Okay. Now, well, we like the plan they have us on, but and now they start to tell you, but more importantly, who themselves why they don't like the plan, why they don't like the thing, or besides this, I could do this here. So, besides XYZ, are you 100% in love with the returns you've been getting? That would be more on a cold call. Now, you're not going to ask that as a first question. That's more about six, seven, eight minutes in when you're building

the gap, you're finding out problems. Okay, let me try to give you one more here. Oh, yeah. Let's say if you sold health insurance, huge industry retrain as well. Okay. If they already have insurance, you find that out. So, you've been on XYZ plan the last 3 years. I mean, it's not a horrible plan. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want something different? You might want to look at something different or I could do something like this. So, where you go to the doctor in the when you've gone to the doctor in the past and you've used that policy, did you

100% like how they covered you? Not to say go down into that concern tone, a tone that shows empathy. Okay. Now, if they're negative, it it was great. Blah blah blah blah. I mean, wow, it sounds like the policy you you have is 100% perfect. If you're going to pause about one to two seconds, well, I mean, it sounds like the policy you have is 100% perfect. Most of the time when you do that, people like, "Well, I wouldn't say it's 100%." Well, it's not perfect. Hold on. What don't you like? If they don't do anything after you pause you, then somebody say, "Well, would

you change if you could though?" See how I'm doing that? All right. All right. Hope that helped you today. Learn a little bit about how to build that gap from where they are to where they want to be. Trigger urgency in the sale. Your next step, go and hit the subscribe button. Click that little bell as well so we can deliver the next training to you and get notified on as well. And ask yourself this question. Are you a winger, dabbler, know it aller, or [music] committed to mastery and selling? I believe that you're committed to mastery. You're not like all those sales people out

there that couldn't even be bothered to learn how to sell more. So, if you're the type of person that wants to learn how to sell more, go right here. Seventh Level You. You want to be in our community. We got thousands already in there. We just barely announced it. We created it [music] for you. We go live in here and train you three times a day, five times a week on how to do everything from A to Z. Every single industry, 163 industries, plus all the subcategories. You don't want to miss it. We even give you the first 30 days for [music] absolutely for free.

Hope that helped. Hit the subscribe button, sloyou.com. Until next time, see you then.
