They Paid Me $50,000 to Teach This [PRIVATE SALES TRAINING]
https://youtu.be/dxqQGMdgIko

Nice to meet you. &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you. &gt;&gt; What's your name? &gt;&gt; T. &gt;&gt; Love it. Who's your favorite sports athlete? &gt;&gt; Carson Palmer. &gt;&gt; Winger, dabbler, nodar. Committed to mastery. &gt;&gt; Commit to mastery. &gt;&gt; Smart man. What's your name? &gt;&gt; Who's your favorite singer, musician or something? &gt;&gt; Probably &gt;&gt; Taylor Swift. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, come on now. &gt;&gt; Second. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, that person winger, dabbler, know it aller. Committed to mastery. &gt;&gt; Committed to mastery. &gt;&gt; Ah, interesting. Something to this thing. Top Navy Seals, winger, dabbler, no dollar, committed to mastery. Top police officers, top musicians, top athletes, top CEOs, wingers, dabblers,

know-it-allers, committed to mastery, top sales managers, top sales partners, top salespeople, wingers, dabblers, know-it-allers committed to mastery. Are we starting to recognize a pattern? &gt;&gt; All right, we have an absolute treat. The go of door todoor, the go to sales, the go to sales training. During his 17-year sales career, Jeremy's earnings commission only sales rep. Reach multiple seven figures every year. He's Jeremy Miner. &gt;&gt; It was Friday, June 14th, 2001. Manager pushed me out of the door of the van and said, "Hey, go make some sales. It'll be easy. We'll pick you up after dark." And I still remember knocking on my first door and

he said, "You got to be excited when you knock on the door. You got to show them your enthusiasm. You got to show them all the great things about this alarm system." So, I started knocking on the doors and I started talking about my features and my benefits and all the great things it did and I was really, really excited. But I noticed what? I started getting a lot of objections. We don't need it. We can't afford it. Your price is too high. We already talked with somebody. We're not interested. We're good. And I got to a point after about 6 to 8 weeks of

non-stop rejection, barely making any sales, maybe selling just wasn't for me. And my manager picked me up that night. He popped in a Tony Robbins CD. It's like 20ome years ago. They had magical things, these round things called CDs, you know what I mean? And he put me in the CD and Tony said something. Who knows Tony? Tony Robbins. Yeah. Okay. He said people who are average in anything in life, sales, leadership, whatever it is, people who are average or people who fail are those who simply dabble in the craft. He said, if you want to master something, you have to commit to master. You

have to commit to mastering for you and your family that you want to master these skills. Because here's the thing, after I started learning the right skills, things obviously started to shift and change for me. And we're going to cover a little bit of that today, mainly about recruiting, leadership, and different things like that. I'm going to ask you a lot of questions. And sometimes I'm going to ask you to repeat it. I'm going to ask you to what? &gt;&gt; I'm going to ask you to what? &gt;&gt; And sometimes I'm going to ask you to fill in the &gt;&gt; I'm going to ask you in

the what? &gt;&gt; I'm going to ask you the what? &gt;&gt; Okay, I knew I was in the right room. Now, one thing I'm going to show you is this. There are four types of salespeople. There are four types of entrepreneurs. There are four types of sales managers. There are four types of sales partners. There are four types of any person in life. So the first one, this is the winger. Write down the winger. They don't make a lot of sales. Who do they typically blame? Who do they typically blame? &gt;&gt; The prospects. Oh, this neighborhood is so bad. Like people are mean. I need to

go a different neighborhood. They never blame their lack of skill level. And where do most of these sales people go? They get fired. That's the winger. The second person is the dabber. They go out and buy a few sales books a year. Uh maybe they go to like a free event. Uh maybe they, you know, buy a cheap sales training course, 100 or 200 bucks, and they believe the lie that if they just stay in long enough, if they get enough reps, that eventually they'll figure it out. Eventually they'll get good. They play the numbers game. They work like 14 16 hours a day just

to try to make up the difference and they never get good and they eventually go where they burn out. That's the dabbler. And then we have the know-it-allers. The know-it-allers initially invested in could be leadership training, could be sales training, could be recruiting, anything like that. They initially did well. Maybe they got their income up, you know, hundreds of thousands a year, whatever. Then they got a big head, big ego. thought they knew everything there was to know about leadership, recruiting, sales, and their income gets what? Capped. That's the know-it-all. And then we have the few, the proud, those who are committed to mastery. They

know that self-education, investing in their skill level is the number one most important thing to what? How they succeed in life. We all know that, right? So, they're always investing in leadership, sales, training, recruiting, whatever it is. They don't want to learn from their mistakes. So this is write this down. This is called an identity frame. I majored in neurossychology which is a study of the brain and how it works in conjunction with the human uh with our nervous systems. Okay? And one person I really really studied was Sigman Freud. Anybody heard of Sigman Freud? Famous psychologist psychiatrist. Okay. So write this down. Sigman taught

people do who they believe they are. People do who they believe they are. So what he's saying is people make decisions based on the identity of the person who they believe they are. Anybody have ever heard of alcoholic anonymous or whatever the group is? Remember all the chants they do like I'm an alcoholic. I've been an alcoholic for 30 years. I've been sober for 30 years. I've been an alcoholic for 30 years. I'm sober for 30 years. What identity does that person still believe they are? A what? &gt;&gt; A what? &gt;&gt; You guys have gotten quiet since the beginning. Did you guys get it all

out? Okay, I'm just making sure. If I tell myself I'm an alcoholic every single day of my life, what decisions does an alcoholic make? &gt;&gt; They drink alcohol. So, every day as a sales manager or leader, what can you do with this? Well, when you talk to them, hey, what happened today? Winger, dabbler, know it all. Were you committed to mastery? Once that gets into their brain, they do what? What does somebody who's committed to mastery do every day? They probably go through your sales manual, right? They watch training videos that you have as they're driving out to the car. Are they listening to Taylor

Swift? No offense, Taylor. Or are they listening to sales training? Cuz what's going to help them make more sales? So, as you put them in that identity, they want to become the person who's committed to mastery. And somebody who's committed to mastery does what? They follow through and they train and they commit to mastery. Are you guys getting this? When you go to school to become a psychologist, my professors taught that every human being has belief systems. Belief systems come from where? How you're raised, the parents who raised you, maybe the church you went to, maybe your cousins you hung out with, uh your uncle

you hung out with, the friends you associated with, heck, who you even follow on on, you know, TikTok influences your worldview or your belief system. That is called a frame. Your prospects have frames too, right? When you knock on the door, what's their belief system? Salesperson. That's a frame. salesperson trying to sell me something, guard comes up. That's a belief system. What are some negative belief systems they have about the door to door industry? Somebody tell me &gt;&gt; scam. That's crazy. What? &gt;&gt; Pyramid scheme. &gt;&gt; Pyramid scheme. Best control is a pyramid scheme. You never know. So, how do I take them out of that

belief system, that frame? That's called the D frame. Write that down. D frame. This is important to you. Your offer with ego shield compared to another company in their mind is the same. But what separates them going with you, like them picking you to work with you compared to somebody else, is how you frame that offer. Are you guys getting this? So, it has everything to do with your what? Persuasion, influence, and sales ability. Not much to do with what you're actually trying to get them to do. Does that make sense? Write this down. One thing, commitment. Everything breeds from commitment. Without commitment, there is

no foundation in your life. So, the first thing we always look uh when I was in doortodoor or any industry was how committed is the rep. Now, here's what I want to ask you cuz a lot of you like, well, that person's not committed. I can't do that. What if you could learn how to build that person into the identity of the person who is committed? Do you believe you can do that? Yes or no? &gt;&gt; Okay. If they're somewhat committed, can I build them into the identity of the person who is and becomes that identity? Now, what are you going to try to do?

You're probably going to try to overcome their objections, all that stuff. And that's okay, but I'm just going to flip that frame like, "Wow, it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up." So, you want to first label them. Would you argue with that? No, I'm not forth thinking. No, I'm not responsible. I don't give up. You're going to be like, "Yeah, that's me." Now, the second part of this, that's a positive identity label. Positive identity, negative identity. So, let's finish that frame. I talked to a lot of people, and you'd be surprised how many of them let like some negative experience

with some bad company completely hold them back from actually making enough money in the summer so they don't have to go to college. You know what I mean? I mean, for you, have you always been like that where you're that responsible where you never give up or is that something you had to learn? See, I'm just plugging it in. They're going to be like, "No, I'm not going to do that." And then how do I finish the frame at the very end? You being that responsible where you never give up. Is that something you were born with or something you had to learn? It doesn't

matter if you're like, "Yeah, I've always been that way." Or you had to learn it. What did they just start to buy into the new identity? Ah, okay. I see some light bulb moments going on here. How about you guys over here? Light bulbs. Okay. After I got out of door to door sales, I think my last summer was 2005. Yes, I'm a little bit older than you. I moved into like B2B enterprise sales. Had a great career there selling debt relief services to large companies. And then my third career, I got into network marketing. Okay. I built a downline of a little bit over

400,000 people in about 4 and a half years. Very quick. It's really easy once you learn the right skills. This I'm just going to tell you what I did. I rented like this 15,000 foot mansion. Every other Saturday night, we would host like gettogethers like events. Like we would literally go on Facebook and advertise events like successful networking like entrepreneurs, business owners events, blah blah blah blah blah. Every night, you know, the first time there was like 20 or 30 people that showed up. The second time there was 50, the third time there was like 75, then there was like 100. Then eventually we get

up to like 300 people in this house. And what was the question they'd always ask? What do you do for a living? I'd be like, uh, you'd probably get bored. I mean, it's it's pretty basic. What do you do? And I'd go right into it. What are the two biggest emotional drivers that causes a human being to want to change? Pain. Write this down. Pain of their current situation and past history. That's the first one. Now, a lot of trainers or marketers will tell you pleasure is the second. I'm going to say that's a distant third. The second one is the fear of future pain.

So, if somebody says like, "I need to buy a nutrition plan because I want to look great in my bikini this summer. women, not guys. That could be a trouble or whatever. You know, you're whatever you wear. But what's their fear? The fear is they're going to look bad in that bikini. The fear is they're going to look bad as a guy taking their shirt off. That's fear of what? Future pain. You getting this? So pain of their current situation. Now, what is the pain of current situation of college kids you're recruiting? What is their pain? What? &gt;&gt; They're broke. Is that painful? Lack of

money. Is that painful? Yes or no? Okay. What else is their pain? What else is their pain? They're going to school, taking all these credits, and they're having to work at another job. So, how much time do they have? &gt;&gt; Not that much time. And they're going into a lot of what? Debt. Can you solve those problems? Last year, they had to work 40 hours a week at freaking McDonald's and take 16 credits, and they're exhausted. They have no social life. That is the pain of their past history. So, I have to learn questions to ask to help them uncover that pain and get them

emotionally involved. Am I doing that to them or am I doing that for them? To them or for them? &gt;&gt; I'm doing that for them. Because if I can't help them feel pain and have a fear of future pain, that means they feel no what? Urgency to change. And if they feel no urgency to change, that's why they don't get started with you or they get started with you, but they bail out quick because they're not committed. So, I have to get them emotionally involved. I started saying like this, stand up right now. I started saying this. I said, "Today's the day." Say it with

me right now. &gt;&gt; Today's the day. &gt;&gt; Today the day. &gt;&gt; Today's the day. We take action today. Who do you choose to become? &gt;&gt; Who do you choose to become? &gt;&gt; When? &gt;&gt; Win. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right.
