This One Line DESTROYS Price Objections
https://youtu.be/fJ14UPMC37k

You see this right here? That's called penny pinching. So, when a prospect says at the end of a conversation, "Hey, can you do this cheaper?" You need to know exactly what to say. So, come over here. I'm going to give you the top two things to actually say to actually overcome this objection. All right? Right. When they say, "Can you give this to me for a cheaper price?" All right. You're going to say, "Well, I I mean, it just depends." Now, you must have asked me that for a reason. Okay? You never say yes or no. You're just right in the middle. You're indifferent. Well,

it depends. Now, you must have asked me that for a reason. Now, typically they're going to tell you the reason. All right? Or I might say, "You must ask me that for a reason. What what's really going on?" Well, yeah, XYZ company offered it me for to me for 10% cheaper. Let's say if they went that route. Okay? Then I'm going to say, "Oh, what specifically did they offer for you, though?" Okay? Because you have to find out what did the other company who said it was cheaper, a cheaper price, what did they offer them? It could have been something completely different, something that's a

little bit different than your product or service, doesn't get the same result. You need to find that detail out. Okay, let's say they're like, "Well, I'm not really sure. It was kind of like your thing, blah blah blah blah." Well, if you really thought about it, like, what do they actually offer you? Okay, you're going to get more industry specific depending on what you sell. Now, I will tell you when you ask this question, what specifically do they offer you? A lot of times your prospects, if they waffle and like they don't know, that could be because they're just lying to you. How many times

have you lied to a salesperson, right? you're just negotiating with them and telling them somebody offered it cheaper when they really didn't. So, you got to really determine that based on their tonality. All right, that's outside of this reel. Now, that let's say they're like, "Yeah, that company offered it this way." And they tell me the company. Yeah, I mean, they're they're fairly decent. I guess it it just really depends on like the result you want to get. Now, typically, you want to pause right there because a lot of times they're like, "Well, what do you mean? What do you mean?" Okay. And then you're

going to say, "So is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually getting XYZ result?" And you repeat back the result of whatever you sell that they want is okay. Let me give you an example of this. I could show you this for every industry. Let's say if you sold for a marketing uh agency, right, to a company. So is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually getting like higher qualified leads so you can scale the business to $12 million a month? If that's what they said, they needed higher quality leads to scale to $12 million a month.

Right now, no, that's a reframe. Now, notice I'm saying is the cheapest price, hear my tone. Is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually getting XYZ result? Cheapest doesn't sound like that's a good thing. Right now, here I could go right here because I mean we could give you a really cheap price. I guess I'm just concerned because how would you be able to dedicate the resources necessary for your internal marketing team to plug in all that marketing and all that ad creative and all that XYZ to be able to scale you if we don't have the resources from you to

be able to do that? It's a how-to question. All right. Now, I'll give you another example. Let's say if you sold home improvement windows. So, is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually putting XYZ windows? So you stole you stopped the cold draft from coming in and you lower your utility bills. See that I'm comparing that cheapest price or do you want the result you said? Then I could come here says because we could put in the cheap windows they're offering you. I guess I'd be concerned because how are your utility costs go down with those thin windows that they're offering?

Okay. Now if you want to learn how to overcome that objection for your industry, the best way to get a hold of me because I rarely answer comments here is simply to text me. All right. So text me at 48-637-2944. Hope that helped you stay out of trouble. Text me and I've got me and a couple of sales trainers that will answer your questions. We will answer your questions. I promise.
