You're Selling Life Insurance Wrong (Do This Instead)
https://youtu.be/IGYGnjTomZc

I always tell this to, you know, life insurance agents that we're training is that nobody really thinks they're going to die. I mean, they know they're going to die, but they don't really think about it day in and day out until maybe they have stage four cancer or something like they just don't think about it, right? So, a lot of insurance agents will be like, "Well, if something happens to you and I'm like, there's no if. It's just when something happens to you." So, you know, just little changes like, "Hey, when something happens to you, like who's going to actually pay for the mortgage?" Not

if. There's no if, it's just when with death. You know, that's kind of certain. Most salespeople I find in the insurance industry like go through the motions. It's like they're reading this script and they sound like a telemarketer and there's zero emotional connection and then they wonder why the prospect says I want to think about it at the end. There's no emotional connection. You know, they'll be like, well, you know what? What's what's caused you to even look at at getting a policy now? Well, I had, you know, my my brother died 3 months ago. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Uh, let me ask

you. And it's like they just ignore that. you know, it's like, "Oh, what actually happened? My gosh, he's I mean, he must have been young. You sound so young, you know, and just like going into it like emotionally connecting." And most agents haven't learned how to do that yet. You notice I said yet, those are learnable skills. &gt;&gt; They are definitely learnable. And I I love those word tracks, right? Because I I think whenever we can get a client to open up about why they're looking for possibly getting life insurance, it's always a win-win scenario if you just let them talk and play it out.

Because if if there there was a death or an illness, it's either they did have coverage and man, what a blessing that was &gt;&gt; or they didn't have coverage and what a burden that was. And either way, it just builds emotion on, hey, this is why we're talking today and kind of running through that, right? So, &gt;&gt; well, the the like I always say, the two biggest emotional drivers that cause a human being to want to change are pain of their current situation and their past history. So even that case where they said, "Hey, I'm looking because my brother passed away last year." Well, I

need to I need to uncover I need to like dive deeper into that pain of their past history of when the brother passed away and left their family without financial protection. Like that's the pain of their past history that they might have had to help that family, right? And then I need to paint and get them to visualize and feel a fear of future pain that when they pass away, their family's not going to have that financial protection unless they actually change and purchase what you're offering. So pain and the fear of future pain. Pleasure is always a distant third. Walk me through how you

got so good at tonality. Right. So we got Listen, tonality at the beginning of our scripts is always really important, right? We want to come off disarming. We want to match the client's level wherever they're at, right? And we want to also try to bring them down if they're too high at times. We don't want to come off too salesy. We don't want to come off too excited. &gt;&gt; You don't come salesy at all. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You don't come off too boring. You come out there's a there's a middle there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You got it, man. Like your tonality like how did you like

that? You got it down. &gt;&gt; I learned from an acting coach in Hollywood my going into my second almost my third year in sales. So you I mean you you all know you read a book that says 93% of your communication is your non-verbal 7% your words. Every sales book has has written that that study's kind of been it's not accurate is back in the 40s it's about 30% are your words that you use. So about but 70% is your non-verbal that means your tonality and your body language affect the sale. So you can say the same words but in a different tone and get

a completely different reaction from another human being. Do they let their guard down? Are they disarmed or are they triggered and their guard goes up? And I could literally say the same thing because I always say your your tone is how they interpret your intention behind everything you say and ask. So I uh I actually hired a a very uh you've heard of like his name is Larry Moss. You heard like Leonardo DiCaprio, Jim Carrey, uh Helen Hunt. Some of the best have been trained by him and uh it was it was pricey back in the day. It was it was a lot of money

for me, but I knew that it would take me to the next level. So, it was like a it was like a six-month course. I renewed a couple times. So, about a year and a half of full training and I've went through a lot of obviously other tonality courses and things over the years in my sales career to really uh master it. I wouldn't say I've mastered it. I'm still mastering it. I'm always a student. So, I had my staff reach out to your team, right, and put together a pilot program. Um, and it's obviously why we're here, right? Our pilot was super successful. And

man, I can tell you the one thing that resonated with me the most besides obviously increased contact rate, increased obviously just close rate in general, uh, higher annual premium uh, per per sale. But it was the posture, man. That word resonated with me more than anything when we did our kind of our exit interviews after the pilot was done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it was incredible because man, I just felt like they were just that much more comfortable and confident guiding the client, guiding the sale and connecting them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sure. It's the I call that collective confidence, but it's certainty in their voice. Because

when you know exactly what to say, when you know exactly why you're saying it, when you know exactly what to ask and why you're asking and how and how to shift your tone, all that breeds is confidence, right? Because you're selling way more. You can't have confidence if you're not selling that much because your skill level is low. like you can listen to, you know, Rocky 6 as much as you want, you know, or or get motivated by your music, but at the end of the day, confidence comes from your skill level because when you have a high skill level, you perform well and you

get really good results. I mean, you make a lot of sales. So, yeah, I mean, I know your your team is about to start to our training programs here in a in a few weeks and stuff. So, I mean, they just went through the basic pilot program. So, you know, that'll be the the training is actually like, you know, 100x compared to the pilot program.
