Prospect Ghosted You After the Call? Try This…
https://youtu.be/lz1Q__-Xiyk

In this training, let's go over what do you say or ask when a prospect goes you. Now, I want to be clear when I say prospect goes you, this means you've already had a discovery conversation with the prospect. So, whether you sell in person, whether you sell on the phone, whether you sell virtually to a consumer or to a business, that doesn't matter. You've already had that conversation. And for whatever reason, maybe the second appointment they no showed or maybe uh you know five months into the sales cycle uh the contract was going through legal and then they just went missing an action. So what

do you do to get them back to engage? All right. Now let's say if you have an appointment. So for this example here, let's say that you sell virtually, okay? Or you sell on the phone and you actually had a booked appointment, okay? you're supposed to have that conversation. So, let's say they don't show up on Zoom, you wait four or five minutes, okay? I would probably call them right away first and say, uh, you know, if I get a voicemail like, "Hey, John, you know, I'm on Zoom, uh, waiting for you. You had asked us to schedule with you for for this time to

go over XYZ, and like I say, I'll be available here for just a little bit today." Okay? And I'm going to leave that voice message. I'm probably going to text them as well. Okay? So, let's say if you're selling to a consumer, you might have their phone number. You're going to text them that and I'm probably going to email them a version of that. I might just change a few of the words. Okay? I might email them like, "Uh, hey Mary, I was on Zoom waiting for I'm on Zoom right now waiting for you. You'd asked to schedule uh this time with us for this

time to go over XYZ so you could ABC. I'll be available here for just a little bit. Talk then." Okay. So, you want to build that status that you're just going to be available here for just a little bit. You're not waiting around for them all day because what? Your time is just as valuable as what? Their time, right? Because remember, you're not the one that has the problems. They are. You're the one that can solve the problems, right? So, you're not going to qualify to them. You learn how to qualify, how to get them to qualify to you. Now, let me show you some

other examples here. Okay? So, I would probably leave a voicemail. I would email and text. Just variations of that. Now, let's say they don't respond to any of those. They don't respond to the email. They don't respond to the they don't call you back. And they don't respond to the text. Okay? So, the second message, if I'm selling to a consumer, I'm probably going to send the second message the next day. Now, if I'm selling to a company, I'm going to wait a couple of days, okay? Because if you start following up with a company like three times a day, they're not going to like

you. I promise you, they're going to view you as some like pushy salesperson that's needy and desperate. Because an expert is not needy. An expert is not desperate. They have lots of business coming to them because they solve problems and they actually do the best job at it. So you don't want to seem too desperate. So if you're selling to a company, especially if it's a large company, you're almost waiting 2 or 3 days before you send the next message cuz that implies that you're busy. You you don't need their business. Remember, you're not the one that has the problems. They are you're the one

that solves the problems, not the other way around. So let's say in the second message, let's say if I'm selling to a consumer and I'm selling solar residential, let's say I could leave this email um or I could kind of do this in a version of a voicemail. Let's say this an email. Hey Sally, uh you had asked us to schedule for yesterday to go over ways to lock in your rate and lower your power bill so you didn't have to pay the rate hikes. I did try to reach you and I waited on Zoom for about 30 minutes, but we didn't hear back. I'll

be available here for just a little bit today. Here's my number. Talk to you then. Okay. Now, I could leave the same type of voicemail. Hey, yeah, Sally. Hey, it's Jeremy Miner. uh you had asked us to schedule with you to meet on Zoom uh about looking at ways to lock in your rate and protect you against the rate hikes from Edison. Um I did uh try to reach you on phone and text as well uh when I didn't hear from you on Zoom. So I'll be available here for a little bit today. Here's my number. Talk to you then. That would be like a

second message as an example. Okay. So I'm just giving you some different examples of how you could structure this. Now let's say they don't respond to the second message. Okay, here's the difference. If I'm selling to consumers, the third message is probably going to go out just the very next day, the third day. If I'm selling to a company, I'm probably going to wait another 2 or 3 days before I send the third message. You don't want to look desperate, especially if it's enterprise. I might even wait four or 5 days to send the third message because I don't want to seem needy or desperate.

That's not going to help you. I can assure you. Okay. It's a smaller company. Maybe I wait 2 days. Okay. All right, same thing. I'm just going to restructure it a little bit. This is an email. Hey, Sally, I did try to reach you and I left a few messages the last few days, but we didn't hear back. Dot dot dot. You're going to scroll down a line and you're simply going to say, "Where should we go from here?" And that's it. You just hit send. Don't say anything but below. Don't say, "Uh, looking forward to your response." Or, "I'm praying you're okay." Or, "I'm

hoping you're okay." Or, "We really like to work with you." You're going to do so great with this. Stop fluffing your emails. You look desperate. You feel desperate. This email works. I cannot tell you the responses our clients gets from this email. Now, if you were on the conversation, that discovery call or conversation with them, and you built zero gap, you're extremely pushy and aggressive, and you triggered sales resistance the entire time, what's the likelihood of they're going to respond to this email? A lot lower. Okay, you follow what we train you how to do, okay? And you get even a third of the way

good at what we train you to do with persuasion, you'll have 70 plus% of the people that respond to this email, okay? Depending on your industry, okay? Now, I could do this in a phone call as well. I could do this in a text if I'm leaving a voicemail. Hey Sally, it's uh Jeremy Miner getting back to you. I did try to reach you the last couple of days and I left a few messages and emails, but we didn't hear back. The question is, where should we go from here? I'll be available here for a little bit today. Here's my number. If you if I

don't answer, leave a message because I've got backtoback appointments of clients and I'll get back to you as soon as I have some time. Talk to you then. So, that would be a little bit of a difference if I left a voicemail. Okay? If I left a text, it's going to be the same as here or an email. Hey Sally, did try to reach you and left a few messages the last couple of days, but we didn't hear back. Scroll down a line. Don't do a whole paragraph. Where should we go from here? Or I could say, how do you want to proceed from here?

I like where should we go from here better. That's just my preference. Okay. Hey guys, Jeremy Miner here. Look, a lot of you leave comments wanting me to help you somewhere. So, the easiest way to get a hold of me, the quickest way is to text me. So, text me right now. It's 48-637-2944. So 48-637-2944. Listen, I started this company to help you learn how to close more deals, but do it the right way. Text me right now. Let's get back to the training video. Now, let's come back here. What do we do if they don't respond to that third or fourth message? Okay. So

typically, whether it's a consumer, whether it's a business, you're going to wait at least 3 to 5 days before you send this next email or send this next text or voicemail. If you if you sent that last email on Friday, you're not going to send this email on Monday, okay? Because it hasn't been enough time just the weekend. You're probably going to wait 5 days. More than likely, if I were you, whether you sell consumer business, I'd wait at least 5 days. If you don't hear back from that email, text, or last voicemail, then I'm going to go with this email. Or I could even

do this in a text or a voicemail. Let's say it's an email. Hey Sally, I ended up leaving a few messages, couple of voicemails the last few weeks, but we never heard back from you. So, we're not sure if you got abducted by aliens, you retired and moved to Bali, or maybe you won the $780 million lottery. However, because of my schedule, this will be my last attempt to reach you. So, here's my number. And like I said, this will be my last attempt to reach you. Take care. And that's it. You're like done with them. You'll be surprised how many people respond back because

this is kind of playful. This is funny here. We don't know if you got abducted by aliens, you retired and moved to Bali, or maybe you won the $780 million lottery. Now, if there is an actual lottery in your city or state that's a certain amount, put that certain amount in because maybe they know about it and they just laugh and they'll respond back to this a lot. Okay? I could leave this in a voicemail as well. I could leave this in a text. The important point is now just because of my schedule, this will be my last attempt to reach you. So, if you'd

like to reach me, here's my number one last time. 55565. Like I said, this will be my last attempt to reach you. Take care. So, you're it's like you're done with them. So, a lot of times when people feel like you're done with them, it forces them to feel like, oh, maybe there's something good they have to offer because sales people typically don't do that. They keep chasing, chasing, chasing. But when they feel like you don't necessarily need them, that you're detached from the outcome, it almost it raises your status in their mind because they feel like, oh, because that's what experts do. Like, could

you imagine like, you know, an expert that you respect like Elon Musk like pushing and pressuring you to buy a Tesla car, you know, or something like that or invest in his thing like calling you 27 times. Unlikely. All right? Because he doesn't need that. Okay? It's like you have an opportunity to invest with them, not the other way around. It's the same type of status. Okay. Now, let's say they don't respond to this. I'm going to show you what to do next. Okay. Now, I'm typic and I'm not even going to say this. I I you're going to wait longer than four to five

days. Okay? You're typically going to wait about two weeks. Okay? If it's a consumer, I'd wait two weeks. If it's a business, I might even wait three or four weeks. Okay? after I left those five messages because I've already left five messages. That's a lot. Okay, if they haven't responded back, I don't want to seem needy. So, I'm going to wait at least two to three weeks and I'm just simply going to email back, hey, John, we didn't hear back. Did you guys give up on solving XYZ problem so that you could blank or what actually happened? That's the generic version. So, you're going to

repeat, did you give up on whatever the problem was? Did you give up on, you know, getting higher quality leads so you could scale the business or what actually happened? It's hard for somebody to say yes, we gave up on the thing they said they wanted. Okay, so let me show you an example of this for a different industry. Let's say if you sold business consulting, hey John, tried to reach you a few times, but we didn't hear back. Did you guys give up on putting in the right operations, the right system so you could scale to 12 million a month or what actually happened?

That's it. Don't fluff it. Don't say at the end, "Looking forward to hearing from you," or, "I pray that you're okay." Don't do that. It really is salesy if you add that. Do not do that. Just focus on the problem and the thing they said they wanted and ask them if did they give up on that or what actually happened. And I can assure you, a lot of people respond to this, but that's 3 to four weeks later, okay? Or let's say if you sold fitness, like you sell some type of weight loss device or or you sell uh you're a gym owner or let's

say you're a personal trainer, okay, and you haven't heard back and you wait three or four weeks. This is like the sixth or seventh message. Hey, John, we didn't hear back. Did you give up on losing the 87 pounds so you could walk your daughters down the aisle? Or what actually happened? Now, you're only going to say that if that's why John or whoever said they wanted to lose weight because they were worried that they might have a heart attack and they wouldn't be able to walk their daughters down the aisle. If they didn't say that, that's going to offend them. Like, if you just

put that in there, like they're going to be like, "Screw off." Okay, you're just repeating back the thing they said they wanted. He wanted to lose 87 pounds so he could basically pre, you know, walk his daughter down the aisles because, you know, he's got all this weight on his heart. could have a heart attack. Okay, see what I'm doing there? Okay, let's see if I've got another example for you. Oh, I think that's it. Now, if you want additional help with that, there should be a link on here you can click if you want to speak to one of our specialist and especially if

you want more industry specific training that's more in our advanced uh inner circle mastery programs. I hoped uh what I just showed you there kind of filled in a little bit of the gaps and we'll see you in the next training
