I Analyzed a Real Sales Call (Most Reps Make This Mistake in Minute One)
https://youtu.be/MQRI5vaGCmU

[music] &gt;&gt; This person is in a very very unique niche. I love every I think everybody here is coming to me like, "You don't understand, Jeremy. I'm in a very unique niche." Okay, I've never heard that before. So, what this guy does is he is a relationship coach for women struggling with building relationships. Would you say that's a little bit niche? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, we When I say we train all industries, we even train relationship coaches with women that struggle with relationships. There you go. Let's play that. &gt;&gt; Good to connect. [snorts] I'm glad I could squeeze you in here today. I guess you

booked in some time to speak with me about maybe &gt;&gt; Stop. Happy to connect. I'm glad we were able to squeeze you in today. Immediately, what am I doing? I'm raising my what? Status. You see these little tweaks? He didn't get on there like, "Hey, John. How's it going, Mary? Yeah, you having a good day? Yeah. Where do you live? Oh, I love Iowa. Yeah, I love Iowa. Yeah. I I I'm just giving you a hard time. I'm giving you a hard time. I I'm just I love Iowa. I'm just giving you a hard time. &gt;&gt; I hate Iowa. &gt;&gt; I You know, I love

Oh, I love Florida. Yeah, the weather's so good. Yeah, and we sit there and we build rapport. Yeah. And then we ask questions and the prospects give us vague, generalized, surface-level answers. Do they know where all that leads? Oh, they're just trying to get me to like them so they can sell me their thing. Yeah? I'm going to build rapport after they buy. So, I build status and rapport like this. See the difference? I'm immediately communicating that I'm an expert. People come to me all the time to do this. Okay, keep going. &gt;&gt; We have proven your relationship with &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. All

right. &gt;&gt; Stop. Stop. First connection question. Okay, so it looks like you booked in some time about possibly getting some help and like improving your relationships so you can find the person you want to be with, right? Right. Takes her from price- or cost-based thinking to where? Results-based thinking. That's what she wants. A better relationship. Keep going. &gt;&gt; relationship at this point, but &gt;&gt; Yeah, no. That's typically why we wouldn't reach out to us is that the same reason. You don't want to make those mistakes again and move it forward. &gt;&gt; Stop. She said, "Well, the reason why I'm on here is because of XXX."

She's like, "Yeah, that's that's a big reason why women reach out to us for sure." What did I just do? Raise my status. See, some of you've been taught to tell them, "Oh, we're the number one market leader. We've got the best this. We've got the best that." How many other competitors that you're competing with say those same things? We've got a local family-based business. That's why I work with them. You know, you can trust us because we've been around for 30 years. We're boutique. How many other competitors say the same thing? So, we say the same thing. We sound like everybody else in the

prospect's brain puts us where? In the salesperson bucket. You see why they're not opening up to you. Does that make sense? So, see what I'm teaching him to do here is build his status right at the very beginning. We do this for every industry. Yeah, that's a big reason why people come to us for sure so they can overcome that. Boom. Let's keep going. &gt;&gt; So, um well, this call will be pretty basic. It's just more for us to understand kind of what happened, you know, your current situation, where you're at, where this is where you want to be, and see what that gap kind

of looks like to see if we could help. &gt;&gt; And um if it's appropriate, we can kind of get into all the fancy stuff you would want to know about what it's like to work with us and if it resonates with you, uh then we can talk about possible next steps. &gt;&gt; Stop. So, see we did that. Yeah, and and this [clears throat] call is pretty basic. It's really more for us to find out kind of, you know, what you're doing, like kind of what it looks like now compared to maybe you're wanting that to be. Now, he's virtually here. We just we couldn't download

this. We did it on audio. So, look at my hands. Even if I'm talking on the phone, I'm still doing this because my body language affects my You guys are smart. What about this side? My body language affects my My body language affects my It seems like these two rows are like beating your over here. I'm selling. I don't know. I Okay, so watch what I'm doing here. This is really important. Remember, words have to do two things, trigger an emotion and trigger a visual image. So when he said what your situation is, that's too vague. That doesn't trigger any emotion or visual image. Does

that make sense? It's a vague thing. Okay, so the first part of the call is pretty basic. Why would I downplay the call? Why not up play that? This is exciting. I'm glad to be on here. Cuz that's what everybody does. So I'm And this call first call is pretty basic. I want to lower the guard. Does that make sense? Now that doesn't mean I'm being boring. I'm still the expert. I'm right in the middle. I'm not way high-pitched, but I'm not boring or timid. I'm right in the middle. I'm the expert. Yeah, this first part of the call is pretty basic. It's really more

for us to find out, you know, kind of what's going on in your relationship and kind of really what that looks like. Look at my hands. Compared to maybe where you're wanting that to be to see what that gap looks like. What did I just visually create in their mind if they can see me? A gap. You can't. You They can't see that, but I'm still doing it cuz it affects my tone. Does that make sense? Yeah, they're not going to see that, but it affects my tone, so I'm still doing it. Kind of what your relationship looks like. Kind of relationship looks like. I'm

lowering that here compared to maybe maybe See, I'm still neutral. Not assumptive yet. Don't have much trust and credibility in 2 minutes compared to where you're wanting that to be to see what that gap looks like. And then towards the end of the call, if you feel like, "Hey, this might be what you're looking for." neutral, we can talk about possible next steps. Would that help you? Nobody's going to go, "No, that would not help me." But if I assumed it too early, because do I know I can help them? Yes. Do they know I can help them in the first minute? Unlikely. So if

I assume too quick, you were dead. I see so many sales lost because of that. Assume the sale. Assume the sale. Dumbest thing I've ever heard. I'm going to assume the sales I build trust and build a gap, for sure, cuz I have the I have the trust to assume. I don't have the trust to assume the first minute. That's the difference in assuming the sale that people don't know, okay? See how I did that? Towards the call if you're like, "Hey, this might be." That's a neutral word. What you're looking for when you talk about possible next steps. I'd be like, "Yeah, that'd be

great." Does that make sense? Okay, let's go. We got another minute and a half. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, all right. Okay, you you said sure, but you don't look sure. &gt;&gt; Sure. Uh, let's see. First question. Where are you? &gt;&gt; well, well, let me let me explain to see if I can help you out here, cuz I I'm sure there's a lot, and I want to make sure I understand exactly what I need to know to see if we can help you, but let's start with like what are you hoping could happen by possibly working with us? &gt;&gt; Stop. Third connection question. We

train you depending on the industry. So what were you hoping could happen by possibly working with us? Possibly working with us. Now, it just depends on the industry. We tweak that type of question depending on what we sell. For his industry, that's very, very well. Keep going. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure if I hoped this relationship would work out. I'm not sure if it was the right one. It [clears throat] felt right. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And really I was not looking for a relationship. I was pretty happy being single with my friends and my family and my &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's on the call. &gt;&gt; So it

was kind of a pleasant surprise when it happened. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Stop. Here's what I tweaked with him. Notice how he's letting her waffle. She's all over the place. See how her brain is becoming unorganized? How many of you have been taught to listen and you let people do that and then they all sudden like, "Well, hey, what are you guys doing anyways?" Or you don't know where to go next. That is the difference between listening and being present in the conversation. So, right when she said I was in a relationship, I've been a relationship for 2 years. Okay, but what caused you

to be in that relationship 2 years ago? See, right there I'm automatically interjecting and asking a clarifying question. There's a difference between interrupting. You guys know what the difference is? When I interject, I'm asking for clarity. And do you know why that builds trust more than anything else? Because the prospect feels like you're trying to better understand them. When I interject to ask for clear Hold on, when you said blank, how did you mean by that? That causes them to what? Open up and expand on what they mean. And that builds trust because they feel like you are trying to understand their situation better than

you listening to them waffle for 3 minutes. And now who's in control of this conversation? You, the prospect. You are, the salesperson. But the prospect feels like you're trying to understand them so they open up. Okay, let's go. We're almost over time. &gt;&gt; I really wasn't looking for anything so I'm not sure what I communicated accurately or inaccurately, but &gt;&gt; Well, I guess we can forgive you for that. There's typically a reason why people come to you. You can tell me. Stop. So, what did I hear there? I'm not really sure if I'm looking for anything. Now, if I'm selling women's relationship coaching and somebody

tells me that, is that maybe an open loop I probably want to close right there? Cuz there's a reason she made it to the call. I'm looking for anything. See, that's a defensive mechanism in our brain. We put up a guard even though we know we need help, right? So, I would Well, I guess I forgive you, but no, you just, you know, typically when people come to us there's something they're looking for. So, be real with me. We're on the same team. What are you hoping could possibly happen? So, what I just did there is I loop back around and I re-asked her the

same question cuz she never really answered it. Does that make sense? That's called looping. Write that down. How many times you ask a question and the prospect gives you a vague, generalized service level answer, or they just don't even answer at all and they just kind of waffle about something else. Raise your hand if you've ever had that happen. If you go to the next question in your repertoire, you are dead. Because they are giving you non-committal language and if you allow that to happen, what's the likelihood they're going to commit at the end? Unlikely. You guys want to change that? Yes or no? You

sure? What about this group over here? I haven't heard much from you guys in the back. Yes? What about this group over here? Okay, that's non-committal language and so in our training we teach you how to close that loop. Unless you just love 100 objections at the end. I'm lazy. Okay, did that help everybody?
