Make Your Prospect's Brain Say "Yes" (Full Sales Keynote)
https://youtu.be/Pz9hk9yLX7o

Let's do this. Let's give AN EPIC WELCOME TO JEREMY MINER. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Pretend you just brought up your pricing of a treatment [music] plan, and I asked you, you know, I could really get the same treatment anywhere. What makes you different? What makes you different? &gt;&gt; Well, we have something to offer that no one else here has to offer. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; What makes you different? &gt;&gt; Makes me different? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm here to help you your whole body. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I could get this anywhere. [music] Why are you different? &gt;&gt; Cuz you get to work with me. &gt;&gt; Mhm.

Okay, I want you three to come up here on stage with me real quick. Everybody give it up for these guys. Come up here real quick. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Now, if I asked any of your competitors the same exact question and I said, you know, I could get the same treatment anywhere like, what [music] makes you different? What do you think they might say? &gt;&gt; Well, I've been doing this for a long time, and I get great results. &gt;&gt; Okay. What do you think one of your competitors would say if I asked them the same question, what makes you different? If I asked them that

same question, what would you think they'd say? &gt;&gt; I'm going to go about it a different way. &gt;&gt; They're going to say that about themselves? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. What do you think one of your competitors would say? &gt;&gt; They would say that I just do a very good job with them. [music] &gt;&gt; I What I think I just heard all of you just say &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; up here is that in your prospect's mind you all kind of sound the what? You kind of sound the same. Could that be a problem for you? Okay. Everybody give it up for these guys. Go ahead and

sit back down. Now, be careful cuz I might bring you back up here. I've been known to do that. You got to stay on your toes out there. and every Nobody knows who I'm going to bring up here today. Only myself. What just happened there? All of you guys are experts at what you do. You're amazing at adjusting spines and all the different treatments you do, right? You can take away their pain, but the moment you have to sell your services, you get a bit what? Get a bit what? A little bit shaky. Would that what I possibly read there? Okay. So, how do we

help you overcome that? So, here's the question. The reason why you might be a little bit shaky is because you simply haven't been trained how to frame your services the right way. Now, I want to ask you this question as well. Would you agree society in general views your profession is kind of all the same? Would you agree to that? They They don't know what you know, right? They know You know what the differences that you do and how you're better than everybody else, but does your potential clients know any of that? Unlikely. So, they in their mind, kind of what you do is kind

of all the same in their mind. Yes or no? Yes or no? Yes or no? Okay. I'm I'm just making sure I'm in the right room today, okay? So, the question is what's going to come down What's going to be the difference in you scaling your business, getting more clients than other people in your space? It's this. I'm going to show you how this works. So, I want you to pretend you've got these two family pictures. Think about the family picture you have on your mantel at your house, maybe the desk on you know, your desk. You have this family picture. So, you got two

identical pictures, but you have to go out and buy two frames of those pictures. One frame is immaculate. It's like the best gold. It's like pure gold. It's like the the best frame you've ever seen. It just shines when you walk into your office. The other frame you buy at a flea market, has holes in it, cobwebs, looks kind of beat up. Same picture, two different frames. Which one are you going to pick? The one that's framed better. Are you Are you getting what I'm throwing down? So, it has nothing to do with what you do. It's how you communicate what you do that's going

to make the difference. Write this down. This is important for you. Write down POV. It's your perception of value. It's your perception of value, not the value itself. It's how they perceive the value, which comes from the way we communicate, okay? I want to make sure I'm clear here. People do not come to my company. People do not come to me because they think that I understand their their product, their service, their industry better than they do. Like you guys are Well, you guys probably know how to adjust spines more than I do, right? You don't do the treatments. People like you, companies in your

space, in any space, they come to me because they know I know how to train them how to sell their offer, how to frame their product and service better than they can, so you can sell more of that. Are you getting what I'm throwing down, okay? So, how many of you are ready right now to take your sales, your persuasion ability, your influence ability to a level that most people don't even know they can get at. If that's you, say me. Say me. I better hear everybody say I see you over there in the corner over there. Now, how do we do that? So, here's

the thing. Make sure you take notes because have you ever been to an event, you got really really good advice, really great information, and you never did anything with it? Only half of you. Okay, I see where we're going here. All right, and here's the thing. I'm going to ask you a lot of questions today. A lot of questions. And sometimes when I ask you a question, I'm going to ask you to repeat it. I'm going to ask you to what? I'm going to ask you to what? I'm going to ask you to what? I'm going to ask you to what? Okay, and sometimes I'm

going to ask you to fill in the blank. I'm going to ask you to what? I'm going to ask you to what? Okay, I'm making sure I'm high level room here. Okay. Now, here's the question that is really important for us to understand. Even more than techniques. Is selling something you do to people or is selling something you do for people? Is it something you do to people or is it something you do for people? Let me know. For people, right? Because if we have a belief system that is something that you do to somebody, like you're trying to manipulate them, like it's a bad

thing, like to ask for money, how good are you ever going to be at closing? Not very good, right? Because you're always going to have fear, you're going to have anxiety, you're going to be nervous, okay? Now, why do I say that? Why is it important to you? Think back to your own stuff. Have you ever talked to a salesperson and whatever they had to offer you could solve your problems, whatever that was, and you knew you should do it, you knew you should buy it, you knew if you did it, it would completely change everything for you, yet you still didn't do it. Raise

your hand if that's you. Raise your hand if that's you. Everybody should be raising their hand. Let's be real, right? And how many of you ever been to an event like this? And maybe you're presented with great ideas. Maybe you could have got a a training program to help you get results to scale your business or whatever it was, and you knew that if you bought it, it would completely change everything for you, yet you still didn't do it. Raise your hand if that's you. Everybody should be raising your hand, okay? Now, for a lot of people that's called a what? That's called a pattern.

If we have patterns that hold us back from doing something that we know we should do, does that also mean your prospects you're talking to have patterns that hold them back from getting your services even though they're in pain? Yes or no? Yes or no? Yes or Yes or no? Okay, I'm going to come back over to that. I see you in the corner over there. I'm I've got my eyes locked in on you and you guys over here as well. I can see you, okay? Now, why does that actually happen? Why do human beings develop patterns? It's because of this. The brain comes up

with reasons on why we shouldn't do something when we know we should do it, okay? The brain develops patterns, okay? It's because of this. Our brain, the brain, you got a brain here that's millions of years old or whenever God put the first humans here on the earth, I have no idea, that's debatable. So, whenever that happened, our brains were never designed for us to thrive at the core. They were designed by God for us to survive, to keep us safe. So, anytime the mind senses something that is unknown, that is foreign to it, even though we know we should do it, the mind starts

to tell us reasons why we shouldn't what? Do it. Have you ever seen that with your own prospects? Massive pain, yet they still don't do it. Does that make sense, okay? Congratulations, you're alive. So, you're here. So, anything that has the opportunity to move a prospect forward can sometimes be seen by the mind as a threat. This because it's unfamiliar. Are you getting what I'm throwing down here? This is really important for you if you want to learn how to communicate, all right? Now, here's what I'm going to do. For the next 90 minutes, do I have your permission to help you understand maybe what's

in you that might be holding you back from mastering how to sell your services. Now, why is that important for you? Because if I help you recognize your own patterns that's holding you back from mastering this, you then start to learn how to do what? Recognize your prospect's patterns that are holding them back from you really being able to help them. And I believe that most of you in this room didn't get started in this industry just to make money, did you? You guys started cuz you wanted to help people. Would I be right? Okay. Now, why is this critical for you to understand? Because

every objection you get, every prospect that does not buy comes down to this, fear of change. We don't have the money. We don't have the budget. Now is not the right time. I need to talk to the spouse. I need to think it over. I never make rash decisions. I need to keep looking around. All of that comes to the root cause that human beings have a fear of change. And whose responsibility is it for us to help them overcome that fear of change? Whose responsibility? Raise your hand if that's our responsibility to help them overcome that, right? Now, how many of you would trust

yourself that you could bring in way more clients, you could scale your business? Okay, if you're a care coordinator, I know there's different names for sales people. How many could trust yourself that you would sell far more if you really started to master this? Raise your hand if that's you. Okay. I see a table here that's not raising their hand. I'm coming Are you guys are being on stage next? The question is what are the right skills though? Who defines what are the right skills? Cuz Michael Jordan said it best, didn't he? He said, "You can take a thousand jump shots a day, but if

you were taught the wrong technique, if you were taught by someone who hadn't mastered basketball themselves, you're probably still going to suck at basketball. Right? So, what are the right techniques? So, I'm going to give you just a 2-minute snapshot of my background cuz my background relates to what is necessary if you want to take your communication, your persuasion ability to a level that most people are not aware exist. So, I got started in sales 23 years ago, broke, burned out college student, got my first job selling home security systems door-to-door. I was really bad the first 3 months, hardly made any sales. And I

remember I had to get in the had to get picked up. Who Raise your hand if you've ever sold anything door-to-door like when you're younger. Raise your hand. Okay, you know what I mean. So, after 3 months, not very good, and I got to a point where I thought, you know, maybe selling maybe selling just wasn't for me. I wasn't born a natural sales person like all those people out there. Cuz at that point, you ever felt like you had more money going out of your bank account than you have coming in? Yeah? Okay. So, I remember my manager, he picked us up one late

Friday evening, got in the van, and he popped in this Tony Robbins CD. Raise your hand if you know Tony. Tony Robbins, yeah? Self self-development guy? And Tony said something like this, I could be butchering it. He said, "You will fail for the simple reason you don't master the right skills necessary to succeed. The right skills." He said, "You got to commit to mastering the right skills." He said, "People who are average in anything, people who fail are because they're dabblers. They dabble. They don't commit to mastering the skills because here's the thing, I know you, like me, want to provide a great lifestyle for

your family. That's why you're here, right? So, I finally got to a point and I started to become really curious on why do human beings do the things they do? Why do human beings make these decisions? Why do they say no when maybe they're I mean, maybe they're nerves are going to get pinched off their feet and they're going to have to be amputated and they still don't do it. Why do human beings do what they do? Doesn't make any sense, right? Doesn't make any sense because here's the question I have for you. Have you ever wondered why sales people selling the same thing to

the same type of prospects same price points using the same script can get completely different results? Have you ever wondered that? How's that even possible? That doesn't make any sense, okay? So, let's talk about that. Here's what I'm going to have you do. Why did I tell you a little bit of my story? You see, I'm not anyone famous. In fact, I'm just like you. I'm just I realized very early on that if I wanted to live a great life with my future family that I couldn't follow the status quo like everyone else and sell like everybody else did. We all realize that, right? You

see, unfortunately for me, I wasn't born out of my mother's womb with advanced questioning skills. Raise your hand if you're born with advanced questioning skills. Raise your hand. Anybody? No, I wasn't. I wasn't born with advanced tonality skills. Raise your hand if you're born with advanced tonality. I wasn't born with advanced objection handling or prevention skills. Raise your hand if you're born with advanced See, nobody, right? So, when we hear, oh, that person's a natural born salesperson, we all know that's a what? A lie. See, I do acquire those skills. I had to master those skills. So, if a kid who grew up in the

middle of Missouri outside of a town with less than 800 people on a cattle ranch can master those skills, what does that mean for you? It means you can master them, too. You can do two, three, five, 10 times what you're doing now, even if you're already at the top. Now, the question is how do we actually do that? Cuz we have to have the skills. Cuz what I'm about to share with you starting right here, right now is something that no sales trainer no speaker has ever shared with you before. And why do I say that? Because 99.999% have zero background in human behavior

and human psychology, and if they do by chance know it, they don't want you to know it. They want to keep that to themselves. However, I know you cannot master persuasion without this, so I'm going to share it with you right now. What I'm about to share with you took me 18 years of high-level learning in the trenches, exactly like you selling for companies before I retired and started this company. I personally invested a bit under $900,000 to master those skills. See, I went to school to become a psychologist, okay? And I specialized in neuropsychology, which is the study of the brain and how it

works with the nervous system, okay? And I was taught that every human being has what are called frames. A frame is just a belief system. You guys with me? So, a frame is just a belief system. Now, where do our belief systems from? They come from our childhood. Primarily from ages of 4 to 13, they're pretty much 100% cemented cemented in your brain by the time you're 18, you leave the home, and it comes from the parents you or that raised you. Maybe the cousins you hang out with, uh maybe the church you went to, like who you follow on social media. Hit kids today

now are influenced their world view's influenced by who? Who they follow on TikTok. That is the world view that we have. That's called a frame. Okay? So, somebody's frame that comes into you, they might have a frame or belief system that they never make a decision on the spot. Yeah? Do you ever get somebody that says, "I need to think about it?" "I don't make rash decisions." That's their frame. That's their belief system. You can't help them if they're in that belief system, can you? Pretty hard to do. Yes or no? Pretty hard to do. So, the question is, "How do I take them out

of that frame?" A de-frame is taking them out of that belief system, and then how do I reframe them into a new belief system? Okay, so let I'll just show you this real quick, okay? I'll do my best here. So, this is a de-frame. And then, how do I reframe them? That's just the process into Yowsers, these markers. You guys know how markers are into a new frame. I'll give you the easiest example I could give you. So, as a psychologist, let's say that I'm meeting with somebody who unfortunately unfortunately wants to end their life. That's their belief system. That's their frame. You guys with

me? So, how do I take that person out of that belief system that is obviously not good for them and reframe them into a new belief system on why it would be crazy to end their life because of all these people that love them and everything else. Are you Are you guys starting to get this? Everybody got what a frame, deframe, reframe is, okay? Now, do you want me to show you how to do this so you can help your prospects? What's one of the first questions you start to ask in your mind when a salesperson first starts talking to you? Would it be "How

much is this going to cost?" Why does your brain go there, though? That doesn't make any sense. Now, I could train you for 3 days on why your brain goes there, but we don't have enough time. If you're asking yourself that question when a salesperson first starts talking to you, would it be possible, just possible, that your prospects are also asking what question when they first start talking to you? "How much is this going to cost me?" Is that something that you want them to stay in that belief system? Now, what that belief system is called, we call that price. This is called price or

cost- based thinking. Is this something that you want them to focus on the whole time you're talking to them? Yes or no? Yes or no? Not good for you, not good for them, right? Cuz are you doing it Are you Is selling something you do to them or for them? For them. So, how do I reframe them into a new frame called results-based thinking? Right? How do I start getting them to focus on the end result? See, you're not selling the thing. You're not selling your treatments. You're not selling any of that. You're selling the results of what your treatments do for them. Are you

starting to understand this, okay? There's four types of salespeople, four types of entrepreneurs, which all of you guys are, right? Four types of anybody in life. I want you to see where you are now compared to where you want to be. Yeah? So, the first type, this is called the winger. They wing everything. They say something different to each prospect. They don't really know what works. They don't know what doesn't work. When they don't make many sales, who do they typically blame? Uh the prospects are broke. They just They never have any money. Like, they're so negative. They never blame their lack of skill level.

And where do most of these sales people or business owners go? Well, business owners go out of business. Sales people usually get fired. I'm not saying any of you are a winger. The second type of person, this is called the dabbler. Oh, the dabblers. They believe the lie that if they just stay in long enough, if they get enough of reps, that eventually, hopefully, they'll figure it out, which we know that strategy takes how long? Years, if not decades. And if they're getting halfway good, it's because they're forced to play the numbers game. They work 12, 14 hours a day, and they eventually do what?

Burn out. That's the dabbler. Now, I think all of us know somebody that's a dabbler intimately. Don't you? Uh the third person, this is the know-it-aller. Oh, the know-it-aller. So, the know-it-aller, they initially invested, you know, funds in a sales training. Maybe they got good. If they're a sales person, they got up to six figures, multiple six figures. Business owner like you, maybe they get to seven figures, maybe even eight figures. They stop investing in their skill level cuz they get a big head, big ego, and their income gets where? Gets capped. That's the know-it-aller. And then you have the few, the proud, the ones

who are committed to mastery. Committed to mastery, they're always investing in their skill level, no matter what their business or communication skills because they know the training is not something you'd like in the past. Training is something you do if you want to be at the top. They overcome the learning curve 100 x faster. That's why you see people that they're like, "Why are they so successful faster?" They want to learn from other people's mistakes so they don't make the same mistakes themselves. Where do you feel you are right now on a scale of 1 to 10 in your communication skills, where do you feel

you are now? Start Start yelling out. Oh, hold on. You know, hold on. Before you answer that, I want to tell you this little story. I'm in this mastermind with Tony Robbins. It's called the Zenith Mastermind. Uh, it's the highest level one they have. It's even above the platinum one where you pay like 100 grand or whatever for. So, it's by invite only. There's only I don't know why they invited me. There's 25 of us. You still have to pay 250 grand a year and it's like, are you in or out? So, I'm in this mastermind and I hear Tony say this. He said like

back in 2010, 2011, he was up on stage and there was this really, really famous lady in the audience. I want you to guess her name when I start saying some of these things. This lady This lady was raped when she was 13 by her uncle. Abused. Her mom had her when she was 13. She was raised in a children's home. She was African-American. She grew up in the South in the 1960s. She's worth 3.8 billion dollars now. Who am I talking about? Oprah. How the freaking heck did that lady who went through all that become Oprah freaking Winfrey? See, she didn't let her circumstances

define who she was going to be. So, Oprah was there and Tony asked the same question I just asked you. Scale 1 to 10, where are you at as a human being in communication skills? And Tony said that his friend was sitting right next to Oprah in the very front, and his friend leaned over to Oprah and said, "Hey, Oprah, like are you like a 20 or something?" Cuz is Oprah successful? Yes or no? Yes or no? So his friend said, "Hey, are you like a 20?" Guess what number Oprah said she was. A three. A three though. Huh? So I'm going to ask you

that question again. Where do you feel like you are right now in your full potential in your communication skills on a scale of one to 10? Let me know. Just let me know. Scale of one to 10, where are you? Where are you? You got to talk. Scale of one to 10, where are you at right now? 10 means you've already mastered it. You close everybody you've ever talked to. There's nothing more you can learn. And one you know there's probably some work you're going to have to do. What are you about? Scale of one to 10. Two? Where else? I need to hear something.

Oh, I'm coming back here to the corner. Where are you guys? Five? Where are you guys? Just you guys can all say it. &gt;&gt; Two. &gt;&gt; Keep saying. Four? I can't hear this side over here. What? Okay, four. Where is everybody else over here? I only hear three people. There's like 300. Three? Four? What about you guys? I'm not going to say zero, but let's say a one. Okay, so what I'm going to tie us all together as a group, right? Cuz are are we all in this together? Yeah, yes or no? We're all in this together? Okay. So I'm going to say that we're

probably a four. I I heard a lot of different things. I'm going to say as a group we're a four. Now, this is exciting. You know why? Because potentially that means if we're all at a four as a group I'll go back here. That potentially you're leaving 60% of revenue on the table every single month of every single year. Now, I'm not a rocket scientist, but that's over 700% more revenue that potentially is on the table once we start to what? Admit to mastering these skills. Yes or no? Yes or no? That's why it's exciting. Okay, now, how do we do that? Remember that question

that you always ask yourself when a sales person first starts talking to you, how much is this going to cost me? How do I take them out of that frame, price or cost based thinking to results based thinking? And we do that this way. These are called write this down, any PQ connection questions. This is important for you. You want to write this down right now if you want to help more people. Number one, these are designed to take the focus off you, put it on the prospect. Number two, how do you disarm the prospect to get their guard down? Raise your hand if you've

noticed that a lot of times when you ask questions a lot of your prospects give you vague generalized surface level answers. Raise your hand if you've ever seen that before. I better see I probably should see everybody's hand up on that one, right? Okay. And number three how do I take them from price or cost based thinking to results based thinking? All right, let's have some fun. I want to know what are your first two or three questions you ask to a uh somebody that comes into your your office. Doesn't matter. Who's uh Dr. Gum told me to have you raise your hand if you're

like a What do you guys a care coordinator or something like that? Or case manager? I know there's different things. Okay, this is perfect. Hey, thank you for volunteering. Everybody give it up for this gentleman. &gt;&gt; is Grant. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; Grant again. &gt;&gt; Awesome. All right, so Grant, what is your What do you guys like specialize? You just do it all or what do you do? &gt;&gt; I I'm going to do it all. I do day one mainly. So, everything around that as a case manager &gt;&gt; Well, like what is what type of treatments do they come in for? Neuropathy, spine work? Like what

do they come in? &gt;&gt; Chiropractic care, neuropathy, red light therapy. &gt;&gt; Let's just stick for neuropathy on this. So, let's say I was at a neuropathy seminar. We're going to focus on that. I was there, I was interested, I booked an appointment, I come in. I want to know the first questions you're asking me to kind of help me get my guard up. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you what you did well, cuz I'm I'm sure there's things you're doing well, so you can keep doing that. And if needed, you want me to show you some possible tweaks if

needed. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; help? Okay. Now, everybody write down, what did you do well? What could you improve on? Cuz we're all in this together, right? This is constructive feedback, and if I see anybody even like like criticizing, you're going to be next role playing. &gt;&gt; You're next. &gt;&gt; Hey, okay. All right. So, I walk in. Okay, let's go. &gt;&gt; Welcome in. I'm glad you're here. You chose the right place to walk in. What's going on with us today? What's bringing you in here? I normally read the file first, so &gt;&gt; Give me a problem that I had. Tell me a problem I had. &gt;&gt;

You come in with neuropathy. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's pretend I've got I've got diabetes, I'm 150 lb overweight. &gt;&gt; So, I normally Follow me, I'll show you our poster here. We We treat patients that suffer with neuropathy. We see great results. We see cases like this all the time. But before I say anything like that, I want to We want to go through our examination process, do consult with doc, everything like that, X-rays, things like that. And then we can see exactly what care plan is specifically for you is what we need to go through with. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; With our doctor, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. All

right. Okay, so what I felt like you did good is you were very calm and relaxed in front of 800 or 900 people. Takes a lot of courage to do that, so I can tell you're a leader. Um I like that you were collective. You were calm. Can I make a few suggestions though? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because right when I walk in if I say, "Hey, welcome in. You're in the right place." Could that be something maybe that prospects are used to that pattern from anybody selling anything? &gt;&gt; That's only after they tell me what's going on. So I first say "What's going on?" Shakes

their hand. "Hi, nice to meet you. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. &gt;&gt; Grant. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What's going on with us?" And then after I get &gt;&gt; So you ask them like, "What's going on with you?" &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; So you're trying to Okay. &gt;&gt; Open them up. &gt;&gt; What if I suggested that we moved that kind of what's going on and I'll help you re-language that to a little bit later. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Because if I ask them like a meaty like, "Give me your problems." question how much credibility and trust do I have in the first 30 seconds of meeting a new prospect? How much?

Like zero. &gt;&gt; Very little. &gt;&gt; Right? So a lot of times when you ask that question unless they're a laydown, most of them are not just going to open up about everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They're going to be more vague. They're like, "Well, yeah, I've just got some problems with the feet. I just want to see what you have to what's going on." &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And the guard already comes up. Do you guys ever notice that? Okay. So what I want to do, let's put the slides back on us. I want to get their guard down. So what if I said something like this

and I'll just we'll just kind of make it up as we go. Okay, so uh so welcome in. Looks like I I know you're at the seminar. Looks like you booked in with us about, you know, looking at ways to get rid of the kind of the numbness in your feet so you can feel comfortable walking again, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now what did I just start to do? If I'm selling neuropathy, what is the end result of those treatments? If I see on the file that they're uncomfortable, their feet are numb, and they can't feel like they walk very well. Do you see

how I'm already starting Stay with there. Do you see how I'm already starting to take them from here to the end result? Everybody getting this? This This pretty basic. It doesn't matter what it is. Okay, so it looks like you you booked Look about It looks like you booked in with this because you I guess you saw an ad about getting your spine adjusted so you don't have all that pain in your back, right? End result. See, I'm focused on the result of what you're doing. It doesn't matter what it is. Like if it's the metabolic stuff, the bloating, doesn't really matter. Okay, so it

looks like you booked in. I guess you're having some problems kind of like the pain, like the bloating, and all that kind of stuff is like affecting your work and you wanted to take a look at that, right? What am I doing? I'm starting to take them from price or cost-based. Do you see how I'm instantly causing his brain to focus where? &gt;&gt; The result. &gt;&gt; result. You see how I'm already starting to do that? So, I could do this. Hey, so when you were when you were talking like when they were going over all that, you know, stuff at the at the seminar, what

was it that they were kind of going over that caused you to feel like, "Hey, maybe maybe I should look into this further." &gt;&gt; Watching the neuropathy video and seeing how the bicycle versus the wheelchair, like most people want to be on a bicycle, yeah, not being cared for everything like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where do you want to be? &gt;&gt; Pardon? &gt;&gt; Where do you want to be? &gt;&gt; Bicycle, that's for sure. &gt;&gt; the biggest reason why people come to us for sure. And I would say that like the first part of our conversation today is really more for us to find out kind of

like what you've done in in the past to to like treat this and kind of the results you've been getting from that compared to maybe where you're wanting those to be to see kind of what that gap looks like. And then towards the the end, you know, you know, if you feel like this might be what you're looking for, we can talk about possible treatment plans and next steps. Would that help you? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; What am I just doing? I don't even sell what you do. I don't need to know anything about what you do. I just need to know the end result of

what they want. Are you starting to understand this? Now, we train a bunch of big chiropractic firms, so I have all these scripts and everything. But the point is like I don't need to know all the cool things you do. I just know how to frame it better than you. Is that what you want to learn here today? Raise your &gt;&gt; Can't touch you. That seemed pretty easy, right? &gt;&gt; Okay, now I'm going to show you more stuff. Everybody give it up. Good job, man. That was well done. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Now, what did I just do there? See all the little nuances I did

there? Yeah, today's pretty basic. Why would I downplay this consultation? Why wouldn't I up play it? Like, "Oh, it's going to be exciting. I'm so excited for you to be in here today." What type of pattern would prospects be used to from most sales people who've ever tried to sell them anything? You're really excited that they're there. Right? So, I'm going to mismatch that. Yeah, it's I'm not going to be boring. I'm not going to be timid. Yeah, the first part of this conversation is pretty basic. Now, why do I want to do that? Because I want to lower their what? Their guard. When I

say disarm the prospect, scientifically what I'm telling you is how do you calm their nervous system? Cuz the nervous system is what triggers fight or flight. Triggers objections. How do I calm the nervous system where I prevent the objections? Raise your hand if you want to master how to do that. Okay. Now, see what I did there? Instead of being assumptive at the end, you know, towards the end, like, "If you're a good fit for us and we're a good fit for you, we'll show you how to get started. Fair enough?" No. Cuz how much credibility do I have in the first minute of a

conversation? None. So, I got to be more neutral. Look at the neutral words I put in there. Look, at that point, like, if you feel like it might be might be what you're looking for, we can talk about possible next steps. Possible next steps. Is anybody like, "No, we cannot talk about possible next steps." Nobody's going to do that cuz I'm neutralizing that. Are you picking up what I'm throwing down here? Okay, okay. All right, just making sure. All right, now how do you prevent objections? Here's the thing. Okay? How many of you get this? Raise your hand if you get this. You have to

deal with resistant patients. They don't want to participate. They give you one-word answers. They're closed off. Now, what do you feel like causes this to happen? Can anybody tell me? What do you feel like causes them to be resistant even though they're in pain? That makes no sense. They're coming to you, they're in pain, yet they're resistant to open up to you. What causes that? Fear of change. Okay. Did the prospect wake up that morning and say, "You know what? When I go into there to that chiropractic clinic, I think about 2 minutes in, I'm going to go into fight-or-flight mode. I'm going to fold

my arms like this. And when they ask me questions, I'm going to give them vague, one-word, generalized, surface-level answers. And then I think I'm going to throw out the I need to talk to my spouse objection at the end even though I know that I don't need to talk to him." Is that what she planned out? No, that's just a trigger reaction based off what we are saying to them, what we're asking to them, how we're asking, our tone that's triggering that response. Are you getting this? Yes. Okay. Now, what if we did something like this? Well, I'm going to ask you this. Anybody ever

heard of a guy named Sigmund Freud? He's the guy that I mainly studied to become a psychologist, Milton Erickson, all this, okay? Sigmund Freud said it best. He said, "People do Write this down or take a screenshot. People do what they believe they are. People do what they believe they are." So, what he's saying is people make decisions based on the identity of the person who they believe they are. This is why I'm always kind of not a critic, but like Alcoholics Anonymous, why they have such a high relapse program is because they're making you chain every day, "I'm an alcoholic. I've been sober for

30 years. I'm an alcoholic. I've been sober for 30 years." Well, what identity do they believe they still are? An alcoholic. And an alcoholic is going to make a decisions of what? An alcoholic. Are you starting to get this? So, how do I take them out of that identity and build them into the identity of the prospect who becomes a buyer? Ah. How do I take them out of that? And it's not about qualifying the prospect. I see so many people like, "Oh, I have to qualify the prospect or see if they're qualified for the offer." Look, unless you're selling a $10 million solution to

a homeless person, it's unlikely these people cannot find the funds if they really want to. Do we all understand that? How many times has a salesperson tried to sell you something you know you needed it and you said, "I can't afford it," even though you knew you had the money? Raise your hand if you've ever done that. Raise your hand. Ah. So, we all know that our prospects do that, too, right? That's a pattern. Yeah? Okay. I can't buy into their story cuz if I buy into their story, I can't help them. I offer them no value if I buy into that story. You offer

them nothing if you buy into that story. Are you with me? You can't help them do anything if we accept that. We all know this, right? Now, we're not going to be mean to them cuz that's just going to get them defensive. So, how do I shift them and build them into the identity of the person who becomes a buyer who obviously wants to open up and tell you their problems? What if I did something like this? Make sure you take a picture of that. It could save your life. How do you build them into the identity of the person who becomes a buyer? And

what if I did something like this? What if I asked those first couple of connection questions I just did? And then immediately I just went like this. You know, hey, and let's let's role-play here. You look like you want to role-play. Thank you for volunteering. Doctor Felicia, can you stand up, please? Come up here. Thank you. So, what if I did something like this? You know, so I asked you So, I'm not going to ask this the first. This is called an identity frame. Write this down. NEP Q stands for neuro emotional persuasion question. This is an identity frame. And you don't say this right

off the gate cuz that would be weird. Okay? Jeremy, it didn't work. Yeah, you can't say that before you say anything else. That's going to be awkward. So, I asked two or three of those connection questions I just did. I'm like, you know, happy happy that you came in today. It's It's uh it's interesting cuz I was I was just on the phone with this guy. Yeah, I mean, you know the type, right? Like uh I mean, you know the type, like so closed off, like one-word answers, like thought they knew everything. I mean, you know those type of people. That just all comes from

fear. I mean, we all know those type of people who can't express their their problems or feelings, like are never going to get rid of the pain. You know what I mean? Anyways, uh what were you What were you hoping could happen by possibly working with us? You don't even have to say anything. What did I just do? What am I preventing? What am I building them into? It's going to be hard for this prospect now to do what? Give me what? One word answers, think they know where everything, completely closed off because did you see how I labeled that? Are you starting to get

this? Raise your hand if you get what I just did there. It can literally change the game for you. Raise your hand. I only see half of you raise your hand. I'm a little bit worried for you. Thank you, doctor. You didn't even have to role-play. That was amazing. I want to break this down again. Look what I'm doing here. I'm not saying this the first words out of my mouth. Who in here knows you cannot help somebody who gives you one-word answers, completely closed off, and thinks they know everything? Raise your hand if you know that person is probably not going to get your

services. Raise your hand if you know that. Or you're going to have to battle them at the end. Who in here wants to prevent that from happening? Because you want to help them, right? Am I doing this to them or am I doing this for them? Am I doing it to or for? To or for? For them cuz if I can't do this for them, they close off, they don't buy. I can't solve their pain. Right? I have to do this. It's a moral obligation. Are you with me? So, see how I do it. Yeah, how many you came in? It's interesting. I just just

got off this call with this guy a few minutes. I I mean, you know the type. See what I did? You know the type. That's a label. Write down label. I'm labeling now. You know what? The type. I mean, so closed off, one-word answers, thought they knew everything. See what I'm labeling? That's a negative identity. Does anybody want to be associated with that identity? Does the person sitting there talking to you want to be that guy or that gal? No. They're like, "Oh, I don't like that type of person." And then I I link it back to And we all know that just comes from

fear. We all know that just comes from fear. We all know people who can't like open up and express their problems. It's going to be hard for them to ever find a treatment plan to get that solved. You know what I mean? Anyways, is everybody starting to understand what we're doing here? Okay, we're building them into the identity of the person who becomes a buyer. Let's move on. Raise your hand if you've ever had patients to do this. But why? They're in pain. Doesn't make any sense. Here's the thing. You tell yourself this, when a patient minimize their problems, that tells you automatically that there's

something you're saying or asking or how you're asking it that is triggering them to stay surface level. So automatically when you hear this, can I make a suggestion? Rather than blaming the prospect, what if we start to be like, okay, there's something I said or there's something I asked or my tone was off here that has triggered this reaction for them to minimize their problems. [clears throat] Is everybody starting to understand this? Cuz when we start to like take what? Accountability, you're going to see things change even if you're already at the top, okay? So always know that. That causes the guard up. So what

we're going to do, these are called NEP-Q problem awareness questions, okay? You use these for three things. You want to take a picture of this. This is really important for you. Number one, what are the real problems? Number two, what is the root cause of the problem? And number three, how are those problems affecting them personally? A lot of times at events like I got people like raising their hands like I want to role play. I want to show them what's going on over here. Holy majoly. Don't worry about it. I'm going to help you. Okay. Thank you. Hey, give it up. She is courageous.

She is a leader. This is somebody who's committed to mastery. I like that. Committed to mastery. Okay, so um I just want to like what do you specialize in? Neuropathy. Neuropathy. Oh, we're all neuropathy. Okay. So I want to hear like your like some questions you ask to really uncover their problems. Pretend they're a little bit guarded. You know they're guarded a little bit. Like, what are like one or two questions like once you role play to me like what are one or two questions to ask to kind of open them up where they start really telling you their problems? &gt;&gt; Hi Jeremy. I'm glad

to &gt;&gt; we're already like &gt;&gt; Oh, we're already in. &gt;&gt; We're already in. We're we sat down. You've already kind of found out my situation and now you're you you're now questioning me about like asking me about to help me find problems. &gt;&gt; How is your foot pain affecting your life? &gt;&gt; Man, it's you know, it's not bad. I mean, it's you know, it it hurts sometimes, but I just kind of learned how to deal with it you know over the years. &gt;&gt; Was there something that you used to be able to do that you can't do anymore? An activity &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I used

to play basketball with my sons, you know, I haven't been able to do that for about three or four years, yeah. &gt;&gt; How does that make you feel? &gt;&gt; Man, not good. That's why I'm here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we want to help you get to where you can play with basketball with your kids again. &gt;&gt; Okay, good. Give it up. Hey, that was pretty good. That was pretty good. So what I liked is I liked the I liked the comparison where you said like what what are some things that maybe you used to be able to do that you can't do now? What if I

trained you how to use your tone like that? What was the difference that you felt? &gt;&gt; Trust. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why? &gt;&gt; You're on my level. You have a better &gt;&gt; Cuz my tone is concern. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; I'm showing empathy. You see the difference? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; We're in here wanting to learn how to do that. Yeah, okay. That's tonality. We haven't even got to that. Because then you're going to emotionally connect and even the strongest A-type guys that just like are hardcore are going to melt like butter because you can help them then. Okay? All right, good job. Give it up for her. Okay.

So I'm just going to fly through these real quick. I'm just going to show you a few frameworks that you can plug in things. Okay, now I want to be very very clear. You're not just going to ask two or three questions and they're just going to lay down and buy. There's other things you have to do before, there's other things in the middle, there's other things at the end. Unfortunately, in an hour and 45 minutes, we all know you're not going to master sales in an hour and 45 minutes. Yes or no? It's hard to master anything in an hour and 45 minutes. Did

you master to be a chiropractor in an hour and 45 minutes? Unlikely, right? Training is something you did or training is something you do? Something you do to master anything, right? So, help me understand, you've been on XYZ medication for the last 12 months. What's caused you to feel that's not going to eventually get rid of the numbness in your feet? What am I doing with that type of question? Is that a predictable question that a prospect would be used to? What would be a predictable question? What are some of your problems? How does your feet feel? These are predictable questions. See, they Do they

know where those other questions kind of lead? Yes or no? So, when a prospect knows where your questions lead, what do they do? They go where? Surface level. Does that make sense? So, see what I'm doing here is I'm reframing it. So, hold on, you've been on XYZ medication for the last 12 months. What's caused you to feel like that might not get rid of the pain? Well, it's good, but and now they start telling you what? Why they feel like it's not going to work for them. And now instead of me telling them why it's not going to work for them, who is now

telling them why it's not going to work for them? Themselves. And who's more persuasive, you or them to themselves? Them. This is called [clears throat] self-persuasion. We're starting to understand this. Okay, this is just Oh, there's so little time. I could do this anything. So, I don't even know what this medication is. I just put it in there from one of our scripts from big firm we train here. What is What is that called? GABA? What is that? What does that do? It doesn't even matter. I just know the end result. I love you guys. We're not selling the thing. We're selling the results of

what your thing does. Always remember that. Okay? So, you've been on whatever. Gabapentin with your doctor the last 2 years. What's caused you to feel like that might not eventually get rid of the numbness in your feet? Well, it's not because of and now they start telling you. Okay? I could do this for anything. Doesn't matter what it is. So, you've been with using ABC you know, chiropractor the last 4 years. I mean, they're fairly decent. I mean, what's caused you to feel like you might want to look at someone else? See what I did there? What I want to say, you've been with XYZ

chiropractor the last 4 years. They're great. Do I want to say that? No, cuz that strengthens their frame. If I said, they're horrible, do I want to say that? No, because that's what every sales person says. They obviously know you're biased. So, see I'm saying in the middle, they're fairly decent, but see how my tone sounds? I mean, they're fairly decent. What did I just seed there? What did I seed there? I mean, they're fairly decent. Like What does that seed in your brain? That I might know something that's not that good about them. See, I'm seeding doubt without them getting defensive. Are you starting

to pick up some of this? Okay? I could show you so much more. Let's keep flying through here. Five types of tones you have to master. Number one, curious the curious tone. Number two, confused tone in certain context. Three, challenging tone. We're never going to do that at the beginning. Four, concerned tone, tone that shows empathy. Showed you a few examples of that. And then a playful tone to open them up. Okay? Now, write this down. Your tone is how the prospect interprets your intention behind everything you say and ask. That's how the brain interprets why you're asking the question in the first place. Did

you guys hear the shift when I went down in the concerned tone with her? Her brain automatically felt, "He cares about this problem I have." That's how they interpret it, not the words. It's how you say those words. Is everybody starting to understand this? Okay, that's going to make the difference here. Now, anybody ever get this? "It's too expensive." Raise your hand if you ever get this. "It's too expensive. We just don't have the money. It's too expensive." Now, is it really too expensive? What is more expensive? What costs more? Nerves pinched off, feet amputated, wheelchair the rest of your life. Does that cost more

than the plan? Back problems, on drugs, they can't function at work that well. Lose promotions, lose raises, lose money. Does that cost more than the treatment? Like all those problems in their gut, their health. Going to the bathroom all the time, can't focus in their job, lose jobs, lose promotions. Does that cost more? Knee pain, back pain. Which costs more? We already know the answer. The prospect just doesn't understand that. I can't say it to that like them. They're going to get defensive, right? So, how do I take them from what? Price or cost-based thinking to what? Anytime you get a price objection, that's because

you haven't learned yet how to take the prospect from price- or cost-based thinking to results-based thinking. That's all you need to understand. So, are you with me? Okay. So, what do we do here? I want you to write this down as well. What are the two biggest problems that causes a human being to want to change? Write this down. Pain of their current situation or their past history or fear of future pain. It's not pleasure. So, that's is in third. Pain of their current situation or past history, the pain they're going through right now or they've had in the past, and then fear that it's

going to what? Continue. Or even if they don't have that much pain that it could get worse. Fear of future pain, okay? So, if we can't help them realize we can't help them relive their pain because we don't know what questions to ask to help them open up, if we don't know how to use our tone for them to trust you they don't feel any pain. And when a prospect doesn't feel any pain, they feel no need to what? Change. And when a prospect feels no need to change, that's why they don't buy from you. Are you starting to understand this? This is It's just

really the way the brain works, okay? So, I want to role play this. Let's have somebody role play this. I want to see how you respond to the it's too expensive objection. &gt;&gt; Say it again. &gt;&gt; Do you ever get this objection? &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. Can you stand up real quick? Doctor, thank you. Give it up for this doctor. Thank you. Thank you for volunteering. Well then, doctor, &gt;&gt; it's just it's out of my budget. It's just too expensive. &gt;&gt; Well, do you want to stay the way you were? &gt;&gt; Well, no, of course. I just can't afford it. &gt;&gt; Well, what would

it take to to make to make this work? &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't know. I can save up money for the next year and come back then or something, maybe. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, if you don't do anything about this, what do you think is going to happen in &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know it's going to get worse. I just I don't I just don't have the money. So, I just come back. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, when you're ready, you let me know. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. I Hey, just being real. Hey, good job role playing in front of 900 people. It takes a a lot

of courage. I like your calmness. It's really important that you A lot of people react when they hear objections. We get defensive, right? Notice how he stayed relaxed, collected, and confident. That's really good move cuz that keeps them calm, their nervous system calm. Can I offer you two things? &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, okay. You said you're the prospect. I'm I'm you now. I'm me. We just We traded bodies. &gt;&gt; It's just too expensive. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sorry to interrupt. &gt;&gt; Well, it just depends on the you know, the results you want because I guess at the end of the day in reality which is more expensive?

Like is it more expensive to get, you know, the funding together, you know, we take care of your back, you don't have to go through all that. Is it more expensive to to do that or is it more expensive to go through back surgery, stay on the medication the rest of your life, and like you had said, have all those side effects? In reality which is more expensive? So, let's say that the back pain was I found out was preventing him from getting promoted cuz he couldn't focus at work. So, we want to add that into the frame. In reality, which is more expensive? Is

it more expensive for you to get the funding together, we get your back fixed, you have mental clarity at work so you can get promoted and get the pay raise or is it more expensive to go through back surgery then have to stay on the the drugs the rest of your life with all those side effects? In reality which is more expensive? Do you see how my tone shifted down? Why? Why would I go to a concerned tone there? A tone that shows empathy. Does that lower my trust that he has in me or raise trust that he has in me? Lower or raise? &gt;&gt;

Raise. &gt;&gt; You guys getting that? Does that help you? Now, I could also do this. This is called an intention frame. Write this down. This is important. Well, yeah, because I look I'm sure it's not your real intention. I'm sure it's not your real intention just to keep the $11,000 in your bank account for the rest of your life and hope and pray it stays there with all that inflation going on, right? I'm sure your real intention is to never have this like intense pain in your feet again so you can create memories with your grandkids, right? So, what's going to put you in the

best position so you can walk again and actually have those memories with them? Let's say it was neuropathy. See, it doesn't matter. I just use the frame for whatever it is. Look at the framework here. This is an intention frame. Well, yeah, sure. I'm sure it's not your real intention to keep whatever it is. Let's say it's 10,000, 11,000, 1,000, 100 bucks. It doesn't really matter. Is everybody getting this? It's just the frame. Yeah, because I'm sure it's not your real intention just to keep the $2,700 in your bank account for the rest of your life and hope and pray it stays there forever with

all the inflation. I'm sure your real intention is to not have to worry about having that intense back pain you can't get promoted in your job, right? So, what's going to put you in the best position where you don't have to suffer through that back pain and you can get promoted? What am I doing? What am I doing? I'm taking them from what? Price or cost-based thinking to what? The thing they said they wanted. Is everybody getting this? The end result. Some of you look like I just ran over you at midnight like a deer getting run over by a big truck. Is everybody understanding

this what I'm doing here? Okay, you guys getting this? All right, let's keep going on here. How do you prevent the spouse objection? This is called an identity frame. So, let's say a prospect tells you about a problem. Just give me Somebody tell me one of the last things you a prospect said about this major problem they had. It could be their back, their shoulder, whatever it is. Somebody tell me. What's that? They can't walk. Okay. So, let's say they're like, "Yeah, I'm just I'm just a hard time walking and just struggling. Like I just I'm just not able to to live my life like

I used to." Let's say they said that. So, how do I take this person and build them into the identity of the person who can make their own health decisions themself? Who wants to know how to do that? Raise your hand if that's you. Corner people, what what's going on back there? Who Raise your hand back there in the corner if that's you if you want to learn how to prevent the spouse objection cuz how many sales do you guys lose to this? Be honest with yourself. How many sales How many people can you not help because of this? Do we all know that the

spouse back home probably doesn't want them to have pain? Do we all know that they don't want them to be in a wheelchair the rest of their life? Yes or no? Do we all know them that they don't want them to suffer from all the bloating and the pain? Yes or no? Do we all know the spouse back home doesn't want them to like get their legs amputated? Yes or no? Do we all know that they obviously don't want them to be in pain? There's three levels here. So, first I'm going to label them. So, they say, "Yeah, I'm just I'm here because I'm looking

for blah blah blah." Wow, it sounds like you're the type of person Sounds like you're the type of person who's forward-thinking. It sounds like Wow, it sounds like you're the type of person who's forward-thinking. Just wait for me. Or I could do this. What if they say, "Yeah, I've just been to all these doctors. I've been to all these chiropractors and I still can't get rid of this pain." What potential objection could you possibly get at the end if they've been to a bunch of chiropractors before that could not get rid of that pain? What do you think they might think at the end when

you drop your price? That you might not be able to get rid of their pain either. Would Would that be the case, right? So, I could do this and say, "But wow, it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up." I just completely shifted them into the start of a new identity. Wow, it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up. I mean, your spouse she's lucky to have a provider like you that is that responsible and that fore-thinking that knows they have to make their health decisions sometimes the hard ones themselves. I talked to a lot of people

and you'd be surprised how many of them would let some bad chiropractor and an experience like completely stop them from ever getting their back fixed. You know what I mean? I mean for you like being that responsible like that fore-thinking where you never give up like you're going to get this solved. Is that something you were born with or something you had to learn? What am I doing? See you think if they say like oh I've I've been to so many chiropractors and they can't get rid of it you're like oh crap they're I'd already know what you think you're going to get objections aren't

you at the end aren't you? I'm just taking that and reframing it into a positive. Wow it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up. Is that right? Cuz they're still there they haven't given up. Okay? Well it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up. Your spouse they'll come starting to frame it. Your spouse now let's say if I'm talking to a lady boss I'm going to use different terms because if I'm talking to a male biologically males our DNA is to do what? Our DNA our brains are wired to what? Provide. Right? Does everybody biologically okay? Females

okay? Different thing so I'm not necessarily even though the the lady boss might be the provider I'm going to label that for a guy a little bit differently than if it's a lady boss. Okay? So if it's a lady I might be like wow it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up. I talked to you know your spouse he's lucky to have an independent woman like you that is that responsible and fore-thinking and knows she has to make the hard decisions about her health herself. What do you think that lady boss is going to do? Yep that's me. Is she going

to say nope that's not me. I'm not independent. I can't make my own health decisions myself. You see how I'm framing her into the identity of the person who makes the decisions herself. Are you starting to understand this? Are you sure you're understanding this? Okay, some of you might be hungry by that. What's going on over here, okay? Now, look, I can do this for anything. Yeah, well, it sounds like you're the type person is forward thinking. Like your spouse like she's lucky to have a provider like you that is that forward thinking and that responsible and knows they have to make the hard decisions

sometimes themselves. See, this I talked to a lot of people and you'd be surprised how many of them they don't really care about like leaving that burden and stress on their shoulders because they never take care of their health and end up passing away early. You know what I mean? I mean for you like being that responsible, like that forward thinking, is that something you were born with or something you had to learn? Now, whatever they say, if they say, "I've always been that way." or they say, "No, I had to learn that." what are they now buying into? The new identity. Do you see

what I'm doing here? Is this all starting Some of you look like I just ran over you again. So, we have the positive frame. See the positive frame? Your spouse is lucky. Nobody's going to argue with that. Even if they're not anything like that thing I just said, are they going to argue with that? They're like, "Nope, I'm not a provider. I'm not responsible and I'm not forward thinking." No, they're going to be like, "Yeah, that's me." Even if they're not. I'm changing the identity. Then I go into the negative identity where they want to move away. I talked to a lot of people and

you'd be surprised how many of them they let like some little negative experience from some bad chiropractor completely dash their hopes to like getting rid of all that pain. See, they don't want to be like that person. They want to move away from that identity and then I strengthen the new frame. I mean for you, were you always have you always been that way or is that something you had to learn? Well, I've always been that way. You see what we're doing? Yes or no? Yes or no? Okay, I'm just making sure. Okay, let's keep going here. So, anytime I hear the problem or let's

say let's say earlier if I if they say like, "Oh, my back's hurting blah blah blah." How does your spouse feel about you being in this much pain? I'm already starting to prevent it early in the conversation. If you're getting this objection at the end, it's because you haven't learned how to prevent it from the very first words out of your mouth. Does that make sense? Okay? Do you want to prevent objections or would you rather just handle a bunch at the end? I'm lazy. I'd rather just prevent them. It just makes selling way easier. I don't know. You You guys with me? Okay? So,

what if they said, "Well, I just got to talk to my spouse." Yeah, that's not a problem. How does he feel about like all this pain you've been having in your back for the past 5 years? What would she say? Oh, he doesn't care about the pain. Well, if you really thought about it like Does he really Does he want you to keep having that pain or does he want you to be able to function where you can play with the grandkids again? Well, he wants me to function with the grandkids again. They said, "Well, we haven't really talked about it." Do you ever get

that? "Well, we haven't talked about it." Well, I mean does does she want you to keep having all this pain in your back if you if you didn't have to like if you told her right now you were having this much pain and you felt like you you just lost your job and all that money because of the lack of mental clarity, where would her job go? See what I'm doing? I'm implying that. Transferring emotional state. Oh, I have so much so much so little time. Okay? Well, of course not. I just I always need to talk with her before I make decisions like this.

I always need to talk to him. It doesn't really matter. Okay? So, what do I do then? Necessity frame. Well, hold on. I don't want I don't Hold on. I don't want her to get angry at you for getting rid of all that pain in your back. I mean, because if you really thought about it like if your air conditioning like went out right now and it's like 99° with like full humidity like you're sweating to death. Do you need to call her to get permission to fix the AC? What do you think they might say? What do you think they'd say? Yes, I'd have

to call her to get the AC fixed. It's 105 in the house. Or would they say what? No, I wouldn't have to call her for that. Because it's a what? It's a necessity. See where I'm leading? Or would you have to Hold on. Would you have to call her to get the air conditioning to be fixed? Like how's she going to feel she comes in here it's 103 in the house. She might get angry at you. Would you really have to call her? Well, no, because that's more of a necessity. See how I can do that. I can phrase that, okay? So then what am

I going to do? So would you say getting rid of all the lower back pain that you've been forced to deal with for 5 years and you've lost three promotions and all that money, would that also be a necessity? What am I doing? What am I getting them to start telling themselves? Is it a necessity to get the back pain gone? Is it a necessity to make sure your feet don't get amputated? Is it a necessity to get rid of all this in here that you're having problems with that's affecting your health? Is that a necessity, yes or no? But most prospects don't think about

it as a necessity. So do you see how I'm getting them to start to feel that obviously this is the same thing as any other necessity they have. Is your income a necessity, yes or no? Yes. Is your arms, your legs, your shoulders, is that a necessity, yes or no? Yes, they just don't think about it. So see how I'm starting to transfer that belief into them. Are you guys starting to understand this? Okay, good. I'm just making sure. Okay, well, I never thought about that way. All right, so it doesn't matter. Like even if they say need to talk with my family doctor, need

to talk to my son, my daughter, my neighbor, my Uncle Jim who lives in a damn band down by the river. It doesn't matter. I can't buy into that story because I offer them no value. I cannot help them. So what do I do? It doesn't matter. Well, gosh, I mean how does how does your doctor feel about you having that pain for the last 7 years that you've had to deal with? I can automatically go back to that thing, okay? It doesn't matter. So, depending on what they say, I'm going to say different things. See what I'm doing here? I'm not selling treatments for

feet. I'm selling the results of what those treatments do. For her, it might be having more time in life with her grandkids. That's what I'm selling. Are you guys starting to understand this? You're not selling the treatments, you're selling the results of what it does for them. What has been holding them back from? It doesn't really matter here. I mean, you know this, you're smart. Those drugs haven't stopped the bloating for the past 9 10 months. What's the likelihood it's going to start doing that now? See the same thing. It doesn't really matter what I'm doing here. It's how I ask the question and how

I structure the question that's going to make the difference, okay? So, then I can say, "So, what's going to put you in the best position so you can get rid of that pain and then you can" and I repeat back the end result. What if they said like, "I just want to get rid of the back pain. I just went through a divorce. I need to get out in the dating world again." It doesn't matter. See, I'm pulling that information out and that's the end result of why they want the pain gone. If I don't pull that, if I don't know how to pull that

out, you're just at a disadvantage. And I know you want to help people, don't you? Yeah? Okay. As we conclude today, I think we all have a defining moment in our lives where we can make one decision and it can change everything for our business, our life, our relationships, everything. You know, I I have a billionaire friend. He He sold his company in two rounds of exits for about $11.6 billion. And, you know, he once [clears throat] told me this. He said, "Your biggest asset in life is your time." Your life is short. Time flies by quickly. And once it's gone, you can never get

it back. That's why you need somebody like Dr. Gum. That's why you need somebody like his staff to help you shorten that time. To help you learn from their mistakes in the past so you don't make those same mistakes yourself, right? So about 23 years ago, I'm at this in event pretty much like this. There's about the same amount of people in this room. It was out Beverly Hills. I can't remember the Rose Amato I can't remember some famous hotel. There was this guy named named Larry Moss. So Larry Moss is if you don't know him, he's one of the most famous acting coaches in

the world. He is he trains these people right here like even now. Leonardo, Tobey Maguire, Helen Hunt, I mean I could list half the A-list celebrities go through his acting training. Now, I wasn't going to be an actor. I just went because have you ever read a book that said 93% of all your communication is your non-verbal? Raise your hand if you've ever heard that. 93% of your communication is your non-verbal. 7% is your words. Do you know what non-verbal means? Your tonality. Your body language. Now, they've redone that study. It's about 30% of your words. Words matter. Questions matter. But 70% of you making

that sale, you helping them is going to be dependent on you mastering tonality and body language and being trained by someone who actually knows how to do that with you. So at this event, Larry makes this offer where he trains you like he does actors and actresses how to master tonality, how to master body language, verbal pacing, all that stuff. It was like a no-brainer offer. I'm like, if I learn how to do this, I'm going to make 10 times what I'm making now. This is like my second year in sales. I was 23. What 23-year-old do you know has 126 grand in cash sitting

around? I didn't have the money. But I knew what if I did it, it would literally like change my like like my life forever. I knew that if I did that. They had these financing plans you could spread out like 6 years. It was like a house loan or something, you know, they got it down for like 1,500 bucks a month or 2,000 bucks a month. And I went back to the back of the room and I started talking to this one guy. And I was jacked up to do it. But I didn't like his voice. I didn't like how he talked to me. I

said, "I'm a sales person. I should be sold a certain way." So, I said as a that's a sign from God that I shouldn't do it. You know, it's interesting. When we try to find an out, when we try to find a reason not to do something, we find it, don't we? Raise your hand if you've ever noticed that might be a pattern for you. Okay. The brain plays tricks on us like that. So, I found myself &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; going back home to my little dumpy apartment in Orem, Utah of all places where I was going to school. Falling back into the same patterns

that I've had year after year after year where I was telling my mom, my dad, my friends, my family that I was going to be successful, that my life was going to change. And that night I was flipping on the TV, making big decisions in my life like what was I going to watch and what flavor of ice cream was I going to eat. You guys remember Larry King? You know, the anchor that passed away a few years Raise your hand if you remember Larry King. Okay. And in this interview, Larry was interviewing like one of my boyhood heroes, Christopher Reeve. Anybody know Christopher Reeve?

Superman, right? Like this guy, Superman, right? I grew up really poor. Okay, I I grew up in central Missouri. Anybody ever been to like central Missouri? Like out in the sticks. I grew up in a town called Osceola, Missouri. If anybody knows that. It has less than 800 people and I grew up on a cattle ranch like 15 miles outside of said town. So, I wasn't around a lot of successful people to rub shoulders with. I didn't have a lot of confidence as a kid because we didn't have any money to do anything. Like nobody in my family had ever made more than 50,000 in

a year. We just didn't have that. And so in this interview, I'll never forget what Larry said. He asked Christopher a question that shook me to my core. He said, "Mr. Reeve, does it bother you that at one point in your life you were the strongest man on the planet. You were Superman. Men wanted to be you, women wanted to be with you, kids admire you. You were freaking Superman. But here you are today sitting in the studio with two tubes in your neck just to help you breathe to breathe. Does it bother you that a team of people had to come in here and

help you do things as simple as going to the bathroom? Mr. Reeve, does it bother you that you are physically paralyzed? Christopher Reeve, with all the grace, with all the stature, with all the wisdom, said, "Larry, you know what? It does not bother me. But what does bother me is this. It bothers me that there are men and there are women in this world right here, right now, who are physically able to do anything they want with their lives. But they are paralyzed in their mind." So if that question wasn't bad enough, cuz here you have a man who in his last two years of

life wrote three best-selling books focused on stem cell research. So if that question wasn't bad enough, he then said this. "Are you afraid to die?" He said, "You know what, Larry? I'm not afraid to die. And I'll tell you what, the day I go out, the day I leave this earth, I'm going to go out like a champion. And I'm not going to go down like a victim complaining about my circumstances. So, I got up from my couch that night to go check on my little daughter Cammie. As walking out of her room, I glanced at this mirror. You You know like your kids Anybody

have kids in here? You know like when they're young, you always have that mirror that like stands up in the wall like you walk by the mirror and you kind of glance yourself sometimes. Imagine yourself in the mirror. So, I walked by her mirror and I looked at myself in that mirror and I said, "Jeremy, where are you right now?" "Where are you right now? Are you the one that's paralyzed in your mind? Are you the one that's paralyzed in your finances? Are you the one that's paralyzed and can't take action and do something that you know is not only going to help you, but

it's going to help your families' lives get better and you can't take action? Are you going to let a few thousand dollars hold you back from the thing you always said you've wanted in your life? Because I thought to myself, what is the cost of walking around paralyzed from the neck up? Because here we have a man who did not make excuses. So, I thought to myself, today's the day. I said, today's the day right now. Say it with me right now. Today's the day. Say it with me right now. Today's the day. Say it with me one more time. Today's the day. Today's the

day. Today's the day taking action right now because just like my bishop told me when I wouldn't ask him, "Should I do this? Should I invest in my skill level? It's so much money." He said, "Jeremy, why are you even asking me?" He said, "God feeds the birds, but he doesn't drop worms in their nest. You got to do something. He's not going to magically just gift you these skills, but he does provide someone who is in your path that's going to give you these skills so you can take that knowledge to help you and your family get ahead. He puts that person on your

path to help you. He says, "I know you don't have the money, but I know you can get it if you really want to change your situation." So, who are you now? What do you choose to become? You know, I was talking to Mr. Hermosi the other day, Alex, if you guys know Alex. I'm not like best friends with him or anything. We don't hang out or anything, but we talk here and there. And he was talking to me about all these coaches and people that claim they can help you sell more, claim they can help you build your business to 100 million or 200

million a year, but when you look at their background, they've never done that themselves. How can you ever hit your targets or sales targets or whatever if you're trained by someone who's never mastered the thing itself? We all know that, right? We all know that to master something we have to have a step-by-step plan taught by somebody who's actually mastered it themselves. That's why I love working with entrepreneurs like you. Because you know you don't want to waste time. And you understand the cost of trial and error trying to figure out things yourself. That's why all of you need somebody like Dr. Gum and his

team to help you get where you want to go, to learn from those mistakes. And I know that you're not like all those people out there who didn't come to this event. You're not a winger, you're not a dabbler, you're not a know-it-all. You want to commit to mastery because you have people depending on you mastering these skills, don't you?
