Why Prospects Don’t Trust You (And How to Fix It Fast)
https://youtu.be/VIW81E_RrYE

All right. In this training, I'm going to go into a little bit more depth on verbal cues and why it's so important for you to master if you want to close a lot more than you are now. Remember, you're committed to mastery. That's why you're here, right? Okay. So, write this down. This is a writer downer. So, verbal cues are basically sounds out of your mouth while the prospect's talking. So, when you ask a question and they're talking to show that you're actually listening to them, that you're present in the situation. Cuz have you ever been on a phone call and you start telling somebody

like a deep problem that you have and two minutes later you don't hear anything on the other end, the whole time you're talking and you say, "Hello, are you still there?" It's because they don't know to use verbal cues to show that they're present in the conversation. Now, verbal cues, we also use them to bridge from question to question. This is extremely important. So, bridging means uh I'm transitioning from question to question. I don't want to ask a question, they answer, then I sit back and say, "Okay, all right. Uh, gotcha. Gotcha. Uh, John, I'm curious. Let me ask you like that sounds scripted. Sounds

like a sales question." Okay. So, I'm going to show you to bridge from question to question using verbal cues. So, examples of verbal cues might be like ah or hm or right or okay or oh interesting or really or oh I see. Okay, there's just eight examples. Now, you're not going to use a verbal cue every two or three seconds cuz that's going to sound weird, but like let's I wouldn't even say 7 seconds. Let's say every 10 to maybe 20 seconds of a conversation. Uh-huh. Ah. Okay, really. I'm kind of exaggerating that probably 10 to 20 seconds before I use a verbal cue. Okay,

that's what I mean by that. Now, bridging. This is why this is so important because if you don't bridge from question to question, you're going to sound scripted. And especially when you're asking situation questions, if you don't use verbal cues, your prospect is going to feel like you're interrogating them because the questions you ask in most of situation questions are more factualbased questions. You're finding out the facts. Okay, last one or two of our situation questions, we're going to start to see doubt, but you don't want to sound scripted. All right? So, you don't want to say at the end of the of when the

prospect answers like, "Okay, cool." or "Right, right, right." Or, "Okay, awesome, awesome, awesome. I see a lot of sales people do that. Prospect answers, "Awesome, awesome." Uh, let me ask you, just sounds unnatural. You want to make the prospect feel like they are talking to their best friend. And a best friend would probably not say at the end of at the end of them saying something back to you, "Okay, cool." Right. Gotcha. Uh, let me ask you, Jane, that would sound weird. You wouldn't say that to a friend. And you want them to feel like you're their best friend. So you have to bridge quickly.

Okay. All right. Uh so that's verbal cues. Bridge. So we're going to take a verbal cue. We're going to we're verbal cue into the next question. That's called bridging. So that's writer down. Write down bridging. Okay. Now let me show you a few examples of what I mean by that. Okay. I've already showed you that. Now bridging also helps the prospect let their guard down and actually open up to you more emotionally. That's very very important. All right. So we want to prevent it. We want to make it sound like it's a natural conversation. Now, it's a very skilled conversation. You're not winging this, okay?

Very skilled. But in the prospect's mind, it's going to feel like it's very conversational because it is. Okay? So, let me show you an example of this. Let's say if I'm uh let's say if I'm selling branding for a marketing agency and I'm talking to a business about a marketing strategy, okay? Or how they're getting their leads. So, these are situation questions right here. Okay. Ah, okay. And now after the last connection question, I might say, "So, what are what are you hoping could possibly happen by working with us?" Well, we're hoping to see if we can get better leads and everything. Ah, okay. And

what are you doing now to bring in new leads and clients? Ah, and what are you see how I transitioned? I bridged right into this question. Ah, okay. And what are you doing now to see how I'm bridging into it? Now, most sales people like, "Okay, cool. Yeah, that uh that sounds like a good thing. That's why people come to us. Um, let me ask you, I'm curious. What are you doing now to generate new leads and clients? Just sounds awkward. It sounds scripted. Okay. So, let me go back to that last connection questions. I might say, "So, what what are you hoping could possibly

happen by working with us?" Or, "What are you hoping could happen by possibly working with us?" I'm still neutral. Well, we're hoping to get better leads and a higher quality so our salespeople can actually get a hold of them and we call them. Ah, okay. And what are you what are you guys doing now to generate new leads and clients? Ah, okay. And what I'm bridging right into it like quick see the transition. Okay. Uh, we're doing referrals. We're doing this. Ah, and how long have you been running ads on Facebook for? Uh, and how long have you been Oh, we do Facebook ads and

YouTube. How long have you been running ads on Facebook, though? See how that's conversational? Ah, how long? Ah, is a verbal cue. It goes right into the question. It's seamless and just transitioning. Quick, quick, quick. Sounds like they're just in a regular conversation. It doesn't feel like a sales conversation. Okay. Oh, we've been running them for five years. Oh, what caused you to go the Facebook ad route rather than like all the other options out there? Maybe if I'm selling something different, I want to position myself against Facebook ads. See, that's just a verbal cue. Ah, what caused you to go that route rather than

all the other options out there? Oh, interesting. Because, yeah, we typically don't see companies of your size go that route. What caused you to go the Facebook ad route rather than all the other options out there? See, that might seed doubt if I'm maybe I'm selling direct mail or something like that. So, I'm going to position myself against social media. Just depends on what you sell. If you need more help on there, uh there should be a link down below or you can always text me if you have the number if you need more help from one of our specialists or if you're looking for

more industry specific training. Holtz that helped you.
