The 4 Levels of Persuasion (Most People Never Get Past the First)
https://youtu.be/ZG-dO5hbJpQ

It took me 5 years to master what I'm about to train you and I'm going to show it to you in the next 10 to 15 [music] minutes. This is going to be a banger for you, okay? There are four levels, write this down, four levels of persuasion that you need to understand. These go from least persuasive, okay, which would be here, to the most persuasive, right here. So, least persuasive down to the most persuasive. The first way of selling is we sell to features and benefits only. I want to be very clear here. I'm going to sell to all four of these. I have

to do all four, not just one. But if I only sell to the least persuasive, what do I get? Well, not as good results, okay? So, features and benefits. Here's how the thing works, here's how it helps you. Now, if you really thought about sales people selling anything from any industry, 99% of the sales world population is only selling to features and benefits. Here's how it helps you. Most sales people don't even sell that well. But I don't want to just stay in that zone. I am more persuasive if I can also sell to behaviors. Now, what do I mean by behaviors? What actions does

the person take who gets XYZ results? So, let's say if you're selling something like to help people lose weight or something. I'll show you a different industry, okay? It could be something like, you know, what actions does the person take to make sure that they lose 105 lb? Like, what would they do? You know, Jeremy, I'm just I'm here, like I'm I'm showing up, like I'm doing the thing. Well, yeah, there's probably a difference than showing up at the gym and I'm just kind of looking around compared to the guy who commits and invests in a trainer who's really good at weight loss and actually

follows a step-by-step plan every day. So, who's going to get you the best result? Just looking around, you're here, or actually hiring a trainer to get XYZ results, okay? So, what actions does that person take? Like, what actions does the CEO take to make sure they scale their business, okay? So, I'm going to sell to the behaviors. Now, I also want to sell beliefs. Now, this is really important. Now, if you can sell the features and benefits, sell the behaviors, and sell the beliefs, you're getting high up on the persuasion pole. Okay, like really high. So, I'm even more persuasive if I can sell two

beliefs. Now, why do I say beliefs? Because I need to find out what limiting beliefs hold this person back from moving forward. Let's say that you ask a prospect some type of question like, "Hey, let's say if you're business consultant, you're selling business consulting, and you help companies like scale their business with better operations or SOPs or something like that." So, I might come in and say I ask them like, "Hey, so, you know, once you have the right operations, like where do you really want to take this? Like, what type of revenue do you want to generate in the next 12 months? Like, where

do you want to really be at?" Let's say they come and it's a smaller business and they're like, "Well, we want to go from 20 million to 35 million or something like that, okay?" But, instead of saying that, they say, "Well, I mean, if we could at least go from 20 to 25 million, that would be a win." Now, you might think that's a good answer. I'm going to tell you why that's not a good answer. I'm going to tell you why what they just said is a limiting belief. Did you hear what they just said? They said, "If we could at least get to

this." I want to make sure you write what I'm about to say down. The way the prospect talks to you is typically the way they think. Okay, so, the way anybody talks to you in life is the way they also think. So, when I use use words like, "I'd like to get at least this," what's the likelihood they're going to really commit and what you're offering and really buy the whole thing? Cuz they're telling you they're okay with getting the least, they're okay with getting the basic. So, let's go back to that conversation. The prospect says, "I would at least like to get this or

I'd be satisfied if I had this, okay?" That's a limiting belief. I've got to reframe that. Help them overcome that belief so we can move forward, okay? So, I might come back and say, "Hey, can I maybe offer you a different perspective on something you just said?" See, I like I'm concerned for you. The tone softens. Yeah, sure, go ahead, Jeremy. Have you ever considered that if we focus on getting the least things in life, what do we typically end up getting? And they're going to say, "The least." They're going to &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; "The least." Yeah. And you don't seem like the type of

person who wants to get the least things in life. Would I be right? So, where do you really want to go with your business? See how I'm doing that? I'm reframing that process, okay? Now, why do I do that? Because it gets them to think bigger about what they really want, and it helps them commit to what they really want. So, I've got to help them overcome that limiting belief. Now, the highest form of persuasion is this. You want to learn how to sell to identity. NEPQ stands for neuro-emotional persuasion questioning. This is based on behavioral science. I went to school to become a psychologist.

I specialized in neuropsychology, how the brain works in conjunction with the nervous system. So, I teach you how to calm the nervous system in your prospect. And Sigmund Freud, I'm going to kind of paraphrase what he taught here. He said, "People do who they believe they are." So, let me give you an example of this. Alcoholics Anonymous, okay? Now, I'm a big fan of that program. According to the data, they only have about a 5 to 10% success rate. But if I'm sitting around in a group, you've seen it on some of the shows, you've seen it on the meetings, they have to repeat after

the the instructor, "I'm an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic. I've been sober for 30 years. I'm an alcoholic." What identity does that person believe they are? That they're an alcoholic. Even though they're not drinking, they still believe their identity is what? An alcoholic. And what decisions does an alcoholic typically make? They drink too much. Do you see why the success rate is 5 to 10%? Because they still believe they're an alcoholic even though they're not drinking, and it's hard for them. It's hard for you to go against the identity of who you believe you are. Are you getting this? So,

if your prospect has an identity that they always have to Let's say if you sell to consumers, they always have to talk to their spouse before they can make a decision. They always push things down the road, which we all know when we find out that we have some type of problem that needs to be fixed. When's the best time to fix it? Right now, right? Not one day I'm going to do it or someday cuz it always gets harder the further we push it down the road. So, we go to our spouse or whatever looking for external validation because if it doesn't work out,

we don't get blamed. And then the problem keeps getting pushed down the road and nothing ever gets solved. So, we know that that is not a good place for them to be in. And if you are a salesperson and you have to talk with your spouse before you make a decision and your prospect gives you a spouse objection, what's the likelihood you're going to be able to overcome it? Unlikely because you believe it yourself. A lot of uh sales and sales training will tell you you have to qualify the prospect. I agree with that somewhat, but I believe it's actually lazy it's a lazy way

to sell. And why do I say that? Because unless you're selling like a $10 million solution to a homeless person, it's unlikely they cannot get the funds or the funding for what you're offering. They just have to get resourceful. Now, they're not going to get resourceful unless you learn how to sell to their behaviors, beliefs, and their identity. How do I build the prospect into the identity of the person who becomes the buyer? Let me repeat that. How do I build the prospect into the identity of the person who buys, okay? So, let me give you an example of how to sell to identity. Now,

once again, you have to understand the context around why you would use this. You can't just randomly use what I'm showing you here without knowing why you would use it and why you wouldn't use it. And what happens if you use it and it doesn't really land? Like what do you do next? The prospect might say something. You're not going to use this at the very beginning of the conversation, that would be awkward. I'm three four saying I'm like, "Hey, so before we started talking, were you out there looking for XYZ or or what were you doing about looking for XYZ?" I'm talking about the

end result, okay? Yeah, you know, I I I've tried certain things in the past, but they just never worked out. Or let's say if I'm selling for a marketing agency. Yeah, we we've had marketing different marketing agencies, but they just never worked out. Like we never we never made any money. We lost money. Now, if I heard that and if I sold for a marketing agency that they tried other marketing agencies in the past that did not work out, what belief do they possibly have? They you might not work either. So, they might not tell you that at the end, but they might say I

want to think it over or do more research or keep looking around. Those are just smoke screen objections. Their real concern is that your thing might not work, too, and they don't want to lose money. I need to change the meaning of that story. So, I'm just going to reframe it and I'm going to say, "Wow, I mean, it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up." So, see how I'm starting to shift the meaning that because they're with me talking to me about getting more leads, that they're the type of person who never gives up. And notice I said, "If you're

the type." Type is an identity. Write that down. This is important to you. Wow, it sounds like you're the type of person that never gives up." And I'm going to tell you like your spouse, she's lucky to have a provider like you that is that responsible and never gives up cuz I'll tell you this, I talk to a lot of business owners and you'd be surprised how many of them they let some crappy like bad like marketing agency completely hold them back from ever getting good leads where they can scale their company and their life. If you know what I mean. I mean, for you

like were you born that way where you never give up or is that something you had to learn? So, see how I'm shifting their story of like marketing agencies don't work. Yours might not work, too. Wow, I never give up. I'm still looking. That's why they're there. They never give up. And notice what I did here. I'm going to break this down here, okay? If I'm selling to like a small business owner, this helps prevent a spouse objection because maybe they have a very very small business and have to go talk with their spouse about before they do anything. Your spouse, now if I'm talking

to a male, I'm going to use the ego here. I'm going to call him a provider. Men are wired to what? Our DNA is wired to provide and protect. Doesn't mean a woman can't provide or protect either, but men are wired to provide and protect. Women are typically wired to love, to care, to nurture. Doesn't mean you can't do both, but that's what we're predominately wired to do. So, if I'm talking to a male, your spouse is lucky to have a provider like you. He's not going to argue with you. Even if he's not a good provider, he's going to be like Nope, I'm not

a good provider. He's going to be like that's me. Good provider like you that is that responsible and never gives up. I mean, for you, pay attention. I'm going to have buying the frame. For you, have you always been that way where you never give up or is that something you learned? What do they say they've always been that way or they had to learn it? What are they now buying into? The new identity that they never give up. And in that scenario, I'm going to use that type of frame. And notice I use a negative frame. See, that person probably doesn't want to be

like all those people out there that are prevented from doing that. So, I'm pushing him away from that. Now, if I'm talking to a a female version, I'm not going to say a provider like you. Now, if I know that they're making seven times more than their spouse, maybe I do that. But if I don't, I'm going to say your spouse, he's lucky to have an independent woman like you. No woman is going to say no, I'm not independent. They'll be like yeah, I'm independent, okay? Now, that also helps prevent the what? Spouse objection. I mean, for you, like never giving up, knowing that you

have to make some of these hard decisions for yourself, is that something you're born with or something you had to learn? See, I'm building them into that new identity. Are you with me on this? There is a lot more to what I just went over there, but I hope that helped you. So, we just went over the four levels of persuasion from the least persuasive features to benefits to behaviors to beliefs to identity, the most persuasive way to sell. Once again, I have to learn how to sell to all four of these. I can't just sell to identity without beliefs, behaviors, and features and benefits.

I have to learn how to sell to all four. So, if you're the type of person who wants to take it to the next level, who wants to get into the top 1%, make sure you're at my next big event. We've already got about 1,200 people there. Dallas, Texas. It's July 10th through the 12th. You'd [music] want to be in the room. I'm going to train you for 3 days all of this. I can assure you that if you were there, you will have a competitive advantage over anybody in your office after this and anybody in your industry. Be there. There's going to be a

link in the description box. We've got general tickets, general admission. We've got VIP if you want to be by me. And we've got elite, even if you want to sit right next to me and eat with me and have a lot of fun. Be there. Subscribe. I'll see you soon.
